Very low entries in this giveaway! Hop over and check it out! URL
This totally topped off my week :')
Wow.. How freaking awesome was that.
Summers over and it was shit. Only sunny day was a be back quick in north west with USER and USER hahhaha #amazing
My top lip is going to swell up right before we go back to school ): #Attractive
Did you know that one of Bolshoi Ballet members was born in Maranhão? Bruna Gaglianone is part of the Moscow group! URL
I just love missing the bus! ?
If you're going into highschool and cant do at least for pirouettes you obviously go to a fantastic studio
USER laughing out loud itold you iwasnt coming . :) what we do in class ?
This 8:20 Friday class is going to be grreat!
Gee wiz what a great day so far. You can cut the tension with a knife and they think i am faking #great.
#tremulus news: I have heard that the next stretch goal is "The Asylum." Nurse\n Orderly, and Patient are the playbooks. URL
This lab class boring af
Feel like crap, tomorrow should be great. #throathurts #allergies
If I could put into words how much I love waking up at 5 am on Tuesday's I would.. ? .
You know like after you confide in someone with like a huge secret you always have that moment of "Shit..should I have said that?"
I actually did something with my hair today #firsttimeinmonths #weird d
Thanks USER your tweets are great
I really admire your maturity.
USER I knew I'd heard that name somewhere!
I just love getting a random schedule change and not even knowing about it!:)
China's iOS, Android growth up more than 400% in last year according to Flurry. Chile is 2nd at 279%. URL
I've got to get my money back this time ??
USER Your class is spoilt. And no I'm running through the corridors.
USER Well that's just fantastic. #thisactuallysucks
USER should move back up fella. I'm already here.. On my own.. Having loads of fun
To anyone still making the 'Something about a picture of Andy Carrol.OH NO WAIT, IT'S A HORSE' joke; stop.
I'm so tired of girls using me for sex.
USER yess, actie loopt tot 24 augustus! :D
Its my birthday bitches.. who's going to start sucking my penis and whgoing toonna start sucking my balls?
Tyga feat. Kirko bangz Out This Bitch
We all have that one person who we wished we never gave our phone number to.. #Ted
Oh, love this! Shaky camera : Check RT USER Fake, of course, but I still love this UFO video URL
?? ?? ?? torrent URL
Gosh !! This really funny ?? minute Woo's version GANGNAM STYLE ?? am STYLE URL
Your really going to accomplish something with your life you know that ?
Monitoring the hashtag #PhTrenchQuake stay safe follow orders please
The Day I'm Wearing My Scrubs >>
"USER Finally all the bullshit is done?" Hopefully lol
USER If your Dad will let you sit there #fadedposter
My favourite food is home cooked - only when mum cooks USER <3
Need to play footbal.
I #voteonedirection for the 2012 MTV #VMA #Bing Most Share-Worthy Video!
Doesn't everyone love getting allergy shots once a week?
Always fun scrunching up my body into a 2x2 foot square-like space until I wake up tomorrow morning.
USER we've got a fun two years ahead
#PROJECTRUNWAY Ven your dress gavyourur model a 3RD BREAST! Nice, just what every get a life youants! u sure know design better than women!
USER USER - I'm sure mr Raja rental would have a nice profitable scheme in mind
I want to be here.. URL
You know it's cloudy outside when you look outside and there's a lot of clouds.
Omg most insane matriculants, we rather play soccer than study for prelims=D USER , USER , USER
USER I've never heard that one before. #ihearitallthetime ?
USER lookin forward to satday as well nothin quite like a 5.20 kick off
Yay it's 3 hour clinical day. I'm so freaking excited I can't stand it.
I feel so off today. #WonderWhy -.-
I love it whenever my brother gets up and turns on all the lights..
#10TurnOns Yet again if you list them on twitter you're garbage.
Just sprained my foot. happy days.
USER hahaha mann gota have his slices yoo!
USER classic exciting deadline day for us!
USER you want more? You look hungry with your bloodshot eyes.
Thank god I invested in an umbrella this year.
Wettest summer in 100years .. really ?! You never would of guessed #worstsummer
Topshop & Topman Sydney confirmed to open October 4th. About time.
A little nervous to start school ? 5 classes in one day should be fun..
done what i had to do outside of the house..now to do stuff inside the house!! #ilovehousework
Lol people don't like you yet you're always the topic of their conversation, I don't get it
Authentic Volk RE30's . 18x9.5 +25 . Flat Gunmetal Finish . Comes with Center caps & Valve Stems . $2400 OBO.. URL
USER you should try throwing school into that equation . . . it makes things so much more fun!!
These young girls at clark haven't found their self yet poor things
You know what I love doing? Rehashing old arguments.
Here we go again another 3.5 hours of collage to look forward to !!
"USER We're told Swansea and Manchester City unable to reach agreement on Scott Sinclair." What.a.shame.
? Yes dad I love to hear you sing in the morning #Pleasecontinue
When I really want to sleep anpwant toepl wana chat?
Cynical me sees the Trinity-Spadina riding being mostly left alone despite pop. growth because splitting it wouldn't help the CPC. #CDNPoli
USER well I guess because they were missing pleasure p.
I just love getting up this early to go into school #sotired #killme :/
Looks like I'm going to need to be investing in some big sweaters for fall. ass hole darn!
Dear Teva, thank you for waking me up every few hours by howling. Your just trying to be mother natures alarm clock.
USER Yeah, but Beckett is the kind of guy that just makes you want to root for him.
My favourite pre-work job: fixing a punctured bike tyre.
USER Good! I will give details later
USER good you'll save more money that way
USER made the semi professional team brother ran a 4.54
USER I didn't even know they were here! I'm working from home so I definitely coulda gone. :(
Well, today has started of to a WONDERFUL start.
USER Thankyouu!my dad don't understand why I'm so pleased with that result ! Haha xx
..learn it
What to do? Help please USER USER URL
"Everything Happens For A Reason".. Yeah I Just Fall Down The Fucking Stairs So I Went To Hospital On Purpose. .
everyone please request #FashionIsMyKryptonite by USER & USER so it reaches the DCT3's #1 spot :) > URL
Watching the cuddleys USER #babytv #thatshowwerol!
Anzhi join #LFC, BSC Young Boys & Udinese in Group A of the Europa League. Bring them on, redmen! #ynwa
USER So i'll assume now PTP won't win the titles for having a talented manager? #MakesSense
USER stay humble, but you turning down that fight is your choice no one else's it's not like you have the title oranything haha
#nowplaying Immortal Technique - That's What It Is.
I think #ReachForTheStars is the next single from USER featuring USER ..just look britney's last tweet
CINCINNATI (AP) -- Lunar pioneers plan to attend a private service in Ohio for astronaut Neil Armstrong, fol.. URL
You jogging ah? No la i dancing *started dancing*
Everybody go follow my nigguh USER !
I liked a USER video URL Trey Songz - Heart Attack [Official Video]
but it's cool never again
From Hanamasa with MUM Family. Whadda great moment :) Menu for today : for sehat 5 semaput :D #gagaldiet
You're dragged down by the very people who claim they're trying to inspire.
while I was working for that..yeah! "USER USER - "My hands almost got cut up today.."
Love the political advice on Twitter. #getinformed
What wonderful weather we are having right now..
USER Nope, I can't stand to lick envelopes either..yuck!
Pretty excited about one of the activities Tom & I came up with for veteran training. #surprises.
Hey, hi. I'm here to look pretty and insult your intelligence. [insert something insulting to your intelligence and hairflip here]
USER okay bye now i'm going to take shower. Bdw talyou u at evening or nitepleasels come onlineokayOk bye take care.
I can't wait to go to the oyster fest ^.^
Those dreams were beyond f-ed up last night. #GreatStartForTheDay ?
Dirt under your finger nails has to be the most disgusting looking thing ever
Spending the night in NA.. #woo
back at the wonderful WCC tomorrow.
I love how the iPhone tells you when someone read your text
USER fine don't hangout with me shows how much you love me. #not
I want to go to an american school oh my god :(
USER twitter is not your personal diary, you should be a little more vague.. when are you coming to mee
Fuck the police? I can see you're a ruthless gangster. Nobody can control you.
Booty call has succesfuly been completed extreme droll woww USER
The new Madden game will be so much different than the old ones.
I really missed Wayne..
Gonna have to do another unfollow spree later today, yeah, those are always fun. #DamnYouFollowLimit
I love finding out who your true friends are. It's seriously just the best. (:
USER :/ bye
The school board's wisest budget cut has to be the one that includes new MacBook's for faculty members..
"USER I absolutely love Kanye's voice" USER
Woow these girls are talking about smoking, your so cool. #WishIWasYou
We're hiring a new Kiosk Supervisor! Think you have what it takes? Then apply! URL Deadline is September 7th, at Noon!
Every time I see Dave Grohl with his long hippy haircut I wonder if he's back on heroin.
Three hours of sleep for this eight hour shift with over energized children, perfect. #killmenow #isitfouryet? ??
USER it's mint
First dose of IV steroids.. Let the moon face begin! ?
USER reply via blacyeaherry messenger ya renee hihi
"God will supply us with the opportunity, but it's up to us to do something with it."
People protesting in favour of "men's affairs" in front of Parliament - yes, the poor plight of the middle class white man..
If you appreciate my nerdy tendencies #TheLoveIsReal
USER why you there? #jel
Traveling first class from Paris. Is it worth the price? URL
I keep waking up and falling back to sleep
USER thanks for picking me up a few, really now, you didn't have too
The girl next to me smells like pancakes. #tease
USER had an ex who worked at VNU..#fantasticfact
USER Only took you 14 minutes to decide? I can only hope you give the DNC equal time.
Time to start getting for work, whoo hoo! The joy ? lol
Slapen #twexit
Swag is just a shortened version of swagger. Thanks nick I didn't know that!
In a bit of initially unplanned synergy, USER breaks down the USER crew's recent NFL slow draft: URL
oh thanks.
I love when I'm doing dishes at work & the water spills all over me, its the best .
Being awake this early to pack up my stuff and move rooms sucks. But on the plus side, FAIR TODAY! ? #soexcited ? #carnilife
I like the way you french.. Inhale ,do it again ?
USER I love kale chips! What is your recipe?
why i so hyper. anyone coming for a 128.4 mile run?? #NotEvenHadAnySweeties #hyper
Love you more than this #kodeASIKASIK *poke USER :p hahah
Love that my last summer night is spent reading #nerdstatus #procrastination
At Least The Line In The Book Store Isn't Long. -__-
USER thats just who i amm :/ i help people in times like thesee
USER USER ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? :D
Siplah, dtunggu Yªaªa? transferan not applicable Yªaªa? wkwkw RT USER Iya [??u?] (cont) URL
I'm going to be tired as hell Wednesday
I can't even describe how excited I am to go cook noodles for 3 hours
arrgh my feet are killing me school uniform done new school shoes check coat bag lunch box bed early for me i think USER
USER #loveit
USER USER yeah, trophies and goals aren't everything.
USER oh no way! I've just had a cooked breakfast on the boss. #workbenefits!
USER Buwas :)) Pero d pak sure kun showing not applicable geap i2 ha rob..
Our friends at the Fowler House in Quincy love Bawstins so much they may be adding it to their favorite dish. Look out its going to be awesome!
Taking applications. #society #join #love #instagood #lol URL
New Jersey Shopping Plaza Shootout Leaves Three Dead - Yahoo! URL via USER
I really hope the entire population of peterborough county enjoys their a&w.. #notbusyatall
Want to save money on your next Jerky run? Check out the All Things Jerky coupons at URL URL
The average man could not handle my haircut
AP Government is the most exciting class I've ever taken! ? #NotesOnNotesOnotes
My work ethic tonight is on a different level .. It'll wait till tomorrow
All I want for my birthday is.. too Chainz feat. Kanye West - Birthday Song :: URL
Absolutely love being left to hang
Woo best part is the library tour
I'm getting back to England on the same morning that school starts.. #Great. .
USER pew yg rmai??
USER Well aren't you just the coolest thing that ever happened to i want you #youstillikeme #hehehe
Fuck i want creepers but i want more shirts >.>
The OzMoGa Times is out! URL ? Top stories today via USER USER
Not going to any games tonight. Just going to stay home & be bored. #Yayy
Love being left alone in the hall while people go and sing #loner
I am a paleontologist. That's who I am.
Will missing in action from Internet when out because 2g exceelaughing out loud lol using wifi now :x stupid Singtel
USER puts me in the bestt mood everr <3
And on top of it all our power is out #bestdayever
i really love that fact that I have no clothes to wear right now since they're all in the laundry.
hmph O__o
I really wish I was around a gun right now. #IWouldPullTheTriger #WithoutHesitation #NonStopCrying #GreatNight
Its friDay people gEt up! all the Wr0peopareeppl r up Trying2 StreSs Me laughing out loud Its a beautiful dAy in the neighbor h00d in my Mr Rodgers V0ice lol!!lol
USER another great bit of business by united.
USER do you care?
I love fighting with the one I love
$200 dollar credit limit on my new credit card #Perfect ??
I'm so glad it never rains in the whee.
Maryland absolutely, positively did the right thing not honoring James Franklin's "Head Coach In Waiting" status.
You are attracted to a wide variety of new ideas during this t.. More for Capricorn URL
Rrg my teeth ache so much!! Oh well anything for straight teeth.
Georgann Bow liked Kalixa Card - the contactless prepaid MasterCard: We never use cookies to collect personally. URL
USER okay good. ?
Man kills daughter's boyfriend in #gun control Germany with an EXPLOSION. as long as it's not a gun! #NRA URL
Sometimes I can't tell if USER is serious or not ?
Oh how I love the dentist..
UK Truebies not long now until those of you with Sky and Virgin get to see the fabulous fifth season of True.. URL
USER Check out the 3rd #LabLife installment URL
USER USER I wudnt say funny lmao!!
With Bruce tonightt. Lmfao
Well the lady that trimmed my hair did an AWESOME job. Callback #: 319-231-7015 URL
No my roomate play out of tune Zeppelin songs right outside my door isnt annoying. Not at all #sigh
"Fuck hate" bumper sticker on 64. So many small beings have proudly read that to their parents. #RVA #firstwords
2 more hours of this place..crawling by
8th grade orientation tonight #alwaysfun
Wonder if my results are at home.. Shame i am not there. #lol
I hate this class.
I love doing nothing. It's my favorite thing to do.
From car fan to house fan - Richard Turere's laters home improvement USER URL
USER well done for understanding kayla! #youradickhead :)
I have like 80 pages to read & a shitload of questions to do.. #thisiswonderful
USER yup. They deserve this win..
USER Absolutely! She just keeps re-tweeting anything and everything that mentions her name. My page is flooded! Enough, I said.
Hahaha..wenger is a fucking genius..giroud is d only striker left in arsenal..lmao.!
Youth Of The Nation - P.O.D. [HQ]: URL via USER thanks for this !!USER
Agh i only got 5 hours of sleep last night.& fee night is tonight so i am going to look a mess. Great way to start off the school year.
USER appreciate that man
First day of senior year #wooho
To all the lovely soccer stars of Catholic High.. Scrimmage is at school
USER I had that same feeling a month ago
USER just making sure those were most accurate. but wait what is c1 because i kind of just ignore it
espn is disapionted that they didnt get the #CFL game tonight. it is monday night after all #mnf
Cemungudh qaqaa u,u RT USER Science test next Thursday. What a very nice birthday present, ever.
Chillin' with a game of Rock Band 3. Fun times to be had. URL
We just tried to bleach joes ball hair but apparently it's too stubborn and won't turn blonde
Glad to know I mean so much to you.
Today is a fucking lovely day! Nothing can go wrong!
Cheers to one year w. Mr. Scott.? ??
I must go like a page for me to look like internal server error a batty lord, just for one girl i don't know to get hair? vell chap my leg off and call me shorty
Good job student finance is on top of things as per #didntwantmoneyanyway #notgunagetmwdown
i chose brown sugar mini wheats
That plan to go to bed earlier in preparation for school went well.
morning people. roadtrip today. unfortunately that means sitting in the car with my family for 3 or for hours. yay!
Slp love .. #twitter_of
didnt think i was going to win the fifa tournament at all i was in complete shock :O !! ..
Watch ALL of our coverage of the #GOP2012 in one place. Keep up with that hurricane too. URL
you're my kryptonitee!<3 RT als je details in thread herkent ((one direction)
Rat Goo to sleep ughh
Had work late and got hoed on plans last night was greatt!
Rock & Roll Hall of Famers, The Yardbirds are back on tour,, check out URL They brought us Jeff Beck Please Retweet
Can't wait to play tonight
Brain says he won't be making anymore transfers :( #exciting
Stupid android.. -_-
s/o to all my teachers who giving a quiz or test today #NOT
my legs are so sore. and I have sunburn on my scalp. band camp is getting off to a great start.
Woah Arsenal, don't make too many signings jesus! Let others buy players for once
This is for Yolove<3 Jack <3<3<3 USER URL
USER speak for yourself sir! I am excelling in this class
USER Pres. Obama should have said "freestyle? Is that like dressage on a bike?"
USER USER USER USER USER Thank you for following MobileWorxs :)
Away to bed
"USER I couldn't tell you the key to succes, but the key to failure is trying to please everyone."
USER no I just made up my previous tweets laughing out loud jokes course I did. #CallMeDave #HomeOfWittyBanta #WhatsThatSmell #WiffyBanga
#where is all the illegal porn winblalithe1251
USER .thanks.
I love when my retainers are super tight and make me talk so attractively! #NOT #majorlisp
Jersey shore us canceled? #SoSad
I'm incredibly annoyed that I'm going to have to sit through lunch during 4th and 5th this year. I'll probably just stay in class and be a nerd
My head hurt.
Fuck these outta town hoes I'm sticking with my local love
Aw Lindor closed in the mall? I wonder why it was always packed.
Skimming breast milk is one of the true perks of being a NICU nurse
USER it was !
I will sell any ku student my extra first home game ticket for this weekend! Hit me uo if you want it. Gotts be a student..
Feeling like I got this under control somewhat
Love working on my last day of summer.
#BestMovieQuotes "It's being pumped through the building's air conditioning system, you cock-juggling thundercunt!" #BladeTrinity
Was that necessary? #thanks
Arguing with my mom is the best.. let me tell ya
put it on them , makthewant toanna marry me << bitch shutup with all that shit .!
Last picture without braces, life is just too good sometimes. URL
USER At 21 he looks to have a lot of potential and can only get better, a good signing for the long term at Villa
USER hahahahahahahahaha!!:'L oh I just loove you so much for putting this on twitter -.- ;)
I love feeling like a second choice..
It's now 2:30, the class begins. #justgreat !!
USER look out world records then!
USER I look HOT repping the UK with that #totesamaze hat!
that's so nice of you.
Yay, I'm so happy it's tuesday ?
youtube to stream london summer paralympics live URL
Gotta love spending lunch break queuing at the bank
They outcheaa
#fuckthequeen
? "USER There are almost 5,00 gods being worshipped by humanity."
USER and USER looking intent. URL
Lmfaoo "USER USER I was just dying for the same reason lol"
7am-7pm on September 8,2012. Hats off Ma'am Soriano.
My oatmeal exploded in the microwave. What a great start to my day!
Finding ranch in my fridge when I didn't expect it to be there is the #bestfeelingever
American Idol Concert with mommy? URL
Just saw Sara and Ellie in Cornwall :D
Already have to do a brief on two cases for homework. Sweet!
These tough URL
Omgg! I want this! My second birthday presenlaughing out loudlol tak malu RT USER USER and USER URL
This night just keeps getting better and better. laughing out loud , jk
USER just passed by your house bud?
I just love when Dawson decides he's hungry at 5:00AM #whyareyouawakedude
USER good one at its #intellectual best! Good #acting too!
USER yeah i am on my way now
Everyone is in their feelings on my TL.. #DidntGetTheMemo
USER Cool, I took Marshall to the O's last night, he asked to leave in the bottom of the 5th. #Iwashot
USER your clever
USER Plus it has a great new inspector!
Wait what? It's a cat now? What is happening?
Phones not stopped all day, I'm not interested unless iv got 3 pegs in the dressing room! #TransferDeadineDay
USER I don't know where to find any Asians in champaign.
Myy ma is beautiful by the wathoughven tho we NEVER get alone
Hate when people think its okay to take your anger out on someone because others piss them off. #notcoolatal
You are in a stressful frame of mind today and things that are.. More for Taurus URL
Gotta take my brother to the cinema today ^__^ #WhatJoy #SocialSuicideEtc
I've got twenty minutes to walk up a flight of stairs. I sure hope I make it to my next class.
Didnt sleep lots last night, good thing my computer is down and i get to do nothing at work. #pissed
Love when the Internet goes down at work! #not
What a day!!
A Set up for the kill , you are.
I enjoy tweeting USER and not getting a reply
If my mom wasnt my mom i think i would snuff the shit outta her. -__-
Really my mind is the only thing thats up right now..
Apple managed another victory against WWA. All the wrestlers found infringing on Apple's bounce back pattern.
re-mf-tweet "USER I'm so proud of our graduating class. "
Slow Tings
I hate to bring my cell phone with me when I go to the bathroom.
USER URL -- is it?? \?/
USER what's the happen? extreme droll btaw, nganu ka?
Too bad she's not THAT good at playing the gay part of her character. #PLL
Didn't study for the quiz tomorrow in English ? #YOLO #Rebel ?
One of the greatest joys of teaching is working without getting paid. #education
10 users followed me and 7 users unfollowed me today (checked by URL [autotweet]
Lol ? RT"USER When I'm high, I turn into a Cereal Killer."
I want to be your secret love.
£22mil for Jooao Moutinho. No value in the market .
USER USER do we know how to clear a room or what??
I love getting off at work at 6 to come stand in a walmart line for a hour #not
"USER "A self-checkout attendant has been notified to assist you."" USER
Funny Girls Fails and Stupidity URL URL
Oh look! More rain! That's EXACTLY what we need! #reallynow
This boy has rosary beads tattoed on him but he is muslim ??
Lmfao Cinnabon followed me?
USER was being a downer this morning. I text her morning she told me to suck her penis :(
Hate driving with people who pump their brakes! It's okay, I didn't want full movement in my neck anyways #whiplash
Thanks man! USER USER USER USER USER USER USER USER USER USER
I wish it was ice cream sandwich time.
It's raining?! At #Marist?! What a surprise!
I just LOVE all this rain
Time to get excited for hydraulics! Yeah buddy!
Woke up at 1 thinking that I had seen a huge spider in my bed, 15 minutes later, I get bitten and it still hurts now! #notsleepingtonight
Just got my gorgeous boyfriend another prezzie #hewillovemeforever USER :D xx
USER it's fun when I only understand 50% of the words in your tweets!
?? ?? ?? II-? ?? ?? ?? ?? 15-? ?? ?? ? ? ?? ?? ?? ?? ? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ? ??
yayy Avicii you haz a new song<3 oh my god I can't wait for it to be remixed!! Vocals added! Sped up!! Slowed down!! backwards!! POLOed!
Phootshot with my babyy deviya :* ?
thank god it's raining so now my hair will look fabulous for my senior pictures
"you think i'm shit. Well, you're wrong. Cause i'm champagne. And you're shit. And till the day you die, you, not me, will always be shit."
First day of school.how exciting! #exhausted
Glad that person was in my dream #goingtobeaweirdday
Look like I'm on death's door, just the look I was going for..
rabago_o's photo URL me all happy to be in college :D
I love being talked down to #ihatemen
guy smoking in a smoke free part of campus..shame on them..
Just spent the past hour watching a fruit tart baking competition on television and it was riveting #excitement
Feeling good this morning :))
"USER "USER The Bus Today > Lol" ;)"Asshole ;D
As long as we have memories,yesterday remains. As long as we have hopes, tomorrow awaits. As long as we have friendship, it's never a waste"
I miss USER ! Need to see yoou <3
Perks to living close to your parents/parents-in-law: Free delicious dinners :D
Love an on field argument with USER #fuckoffyoucunt #youfuckoff #niceheader #nicekick
I'm well aware Jesus doesn't care if I give you a discount on your church van rental. It's called #missionaryproblems
I love how nothing I do is NEVER good enough. ?
Wanna know how I know your gay?? Because when the truth got out about you it got you hot. Oops my bad you all know dam well IDGAF
Man practice was long assface today
why on earth is spurs trending!
Give a person power that will be a true test of character.
Walking into a tree when your walking on your own is so not awkward..
"USER This peom "IF" that neves wants us to write a constructive response about makes no sense. #IsThisAJoke" IKR?!
LOVE to everyone I spent carnival with, it was special, it was so live!!
Found this on Sunday. Made me laugh!! Clever people URL
So a 'friend' doesn't have time to talk to me, but has time to talk to other people. Lovely.
USER USER Haha am i supposed to be intimidated?
Yes because you not texting me back makes everything better.
USER Twitter? Lol
USER what up
USER USER oh gosh.. I'm just so stoked. Hahahah can't even wait.
Here's proof that I'm an adult now: I just packed one carry-on for the train.. nintendo entertainment system and SEGA are wrapped in towels. URL
USER If Apple had slavishly copied a Samsung product, but sold it as "better" then no way Samsung would sue Apple.
Nothing for me to do -_-
I just realized i need straight a's this year to go to the college i want to go to. I fucked myself over freshman year #nopressure
USER well at least you're not dead #rightbackatcha
goodnight beautiful people :)
USER I've got to give a mention to your outstanding use of the english language, your spelling is top notch fella.
The Weekly Kids' Co-op: Love You Daddy URL via USER
I downloaded mp3 06-escape_the_fate-smooth.mp3 - URL
"USER All #bwfc fans should support #Arsenal for the simple reason that they are #titlecontenders" USER
lol i just noticed that i was so unhappy with you before lol
#Titans don't care Jerry Gray says safeties Babineaux, Robert Johnson aren't competing with one another for a spot. URL
Thanks for making me feel important. If only you understood.
USER yeah friend lets go.
USER engga jadi kan!! :D abis aku on lewat hp jadi ngga bisa edit prof :D
how considerate of you to re-acquire Dondon, just to trade him again after a year.. SALAMAT nice game MARAMI, ah!!
Neighbours come round2say they are away for2weeks! I reply "do you want me to put bins out?Oh no you leave them out all week anyway!"
They Need To Bring Back The Kwik-E-Mart. Lls
Eww, just saw this nasty, frumpy girl lift up her boob and scratch underneath it.. Just puked a little
USER haha yela2 p fokus piching tuh.
USER Aye you playn pool tonite? #tomtuesday
'Never grow up, my friends'. #JogaBonito
I think it says something when a truck load of ARTIST vibe to your music. I'm talking rock, rap, hip hop, metal, etc. Its really cool.
ohh the people who get to quit their jobs when they go back to school. what a tough life #Imjealous
Millers tonight to say peace out to a good friend chasing a Nike dream in Oregon.
I think #HootSuite is pretty hoot. Er.. hot. URL
My favorite feeling is disappointment
Can feel the feet pulsating..slow one..because my resting heart rate is circa 45bpm..
ohh your what a senior and your fighting with a sophomore? man bet you feel like a bad ass! I know I would!
USER yuu have a good day too
6 am lift + conditioning #GottaLovem
Red or blue do you as long as you getting rich
Tweeting at work.. Having so much fun and honestly not bored at all #countdowntillfinish
USER I'm super excited for tomorrow morning.
USER Cops would never do anything illegal or wrong though
USER and 3 gallons of seeman
The woman's laugh in the audience, oh my #cantcope #celebjuice
GrandMarc flow. #TCU USER URL
Cause I can't stay here, if there's no love. #onrepeat #
chill night, good laughs.. very much needed. breaking night watching a movie with my loves.. Goodnight tweethearts :-*
So excited for school ! #jk #h8school
Bring it on exams!! #onmondaypa:) hehe
Thanks to good friends. :)
Just got my first real person paycheck. And I love my job. Life is great. #alittleluckandalotofhardwork
I was 1A* off being allowed in the academic academy, oh shame!
I get distracted way to easily
"USER Does anyone in the world like raisins?" they're great in cereal
Check this out URL
Is it weird that "Over My Dead Body" used to make me cry? just the chorus thoo. Haha
Yes! I love waking up to USER and her little brother fighting!
USER are good! They got my house phone working for 24hrs! ?
USER USER i'dbe happy with Sturridge, need a finisher. Or maybe Jamie Hopkins,lol.
I was hoping just a LITTLE more shit could hit the fan this week.
Going in to work for too hours was totally worth the 3minutein drive!
USER I'm done at 4ish definitely text me if you are free after that!!
Bump that music.. #imtryingtosleep
Cool lets not fix the things you don't need parts for and don't tell me we need to order other parts #solid
Haven't been able to sleep, so I've been playing Words With Friends and Angry Birds all night. What a thrilling life I lead.
My tech class has 13 people in it.. 10 of them are freshmen. #excitement
God I you're so cool. I wish I was you. ?
The only upside about being sick is that when I rap along to Fabri Fibra, I sound just like him! #yucky
Company next door uses explosives to get their material sounds like a war, I spilled tea all over my notebook {thanks}
#SpongebobEpisodeIllNeverForget when spongebob and patrick wrestle against each other, and they get really hot and muscular.
Ada batunya iih (??)-? RT USER Hhem RT USER ~('o '~)(~' o')~ RT USER USER aduh beuh parah omongannya !!
Each moment that lies ahead is the unknown, let's all face our unknowns with great triumph!
Homework is so fun!! #notreally
rehearsals from 8-11. one week till showtime, then taking a week break so I could visit Jersey then back at it again.. #Dance <3
USER I did like an hour ago, was checking out your pink nikes ;)
Dying because the people in my twitter tough luck are kind of effed up.. #funny #funnyfriends #jokes #laughing
I feel so much better and my voice is semi-normal.
NaughtyNooNo1 thanks for following me on Twitter!
Let's show everybody just how good we are tonight D USER USER USER USER USER USER USER
Getting pulled over is a great way to start my morning!
cant wait to go driving tonight with USER -_- #scared
USER send me your # baby girl
may that all things go good today at Dacula high school.no drama lol
Tweeter? Twits? Austin and Ally sure is creative. #omgihavetotwit
School was going by fast until all you fuck niggas went back.
USER please come to Manchester soon. I miss you. Oh and USER just don't wear a tshirt at all next time. #hehehe
Just posted a photo URL
Check out this great item: 26x1.5/1.75 Weinmann 519 Wheelset Quick Release URL
Woo! So excited! first day of school!
USER What we were discussing just now does not scare me, what scares me is the discussion now #Insest
I use to only dream every once in awhile but these last few weeks i'v been having crazy yet real feeling dreams
?? R.I.P to my best friend,my grandma ? 2-21-1940 to 8-28-11 URL
USER good job only me and you know what that means lol
Carrying a back full of book, a purse full of notebooks & a soccer game >> #KillMe
today should be fun #dying
I constantly see tweets about Arsenal on twitter. Thanks for keeping the world updated USER & USER . #HugeArsenalFans
and then there's SNSD's Echo ;~;
When you make the sacrifice in marriage, you're sacrificing not to each other but to unity in a relationship.Joseph Campbell.
stressed and school hasnt even started #shouldbeagoodyear
smokin arts,wich informs broken hearts, she say Radio, We say RADIOO
I'm about to fall asleep and I still have to babysit for 3 more hours
USER great way to start the senior year
I don't realgiveiv a fuck and my excuse is that I'm yandng n fre$H?
#Unmukt 's Lawyer has misunderstood the RTE, as being Degrees & Diplomas home-delivered. USER
USER a bunch of us at work are wearing ours.. However this jersey is on my nerves so I may change..
Yay for for and a half hour sleep. #tootired #needbednow
I love when people ignore me:) #jk
I love going into work at 4:30 in the morning #itsgoingtobealongday
And now the time is more than 4pm.. So i should get ready.. Bubbye.
Awee how cute. The kids at the bus stop coordinated their outfits today. #itsnotcute
Yeah, you all sure do keep it classy #busted
Oh my gosh! Can you imagine USER playing piano on her tour while singing a song. I would die and go to heaven. #sheisanangel
Cabin in the Woods udah release!!
USER oh my fucking god I love thaat! lol
USER so nice of morons to come to your twitter account and spread their ignorant shit all over it, yeah?
Why is there no crowd!? Shit la!
USER What so are 3rd choice striker is waghorn #brilliant
Skoo iN the morningg , guess iMaa got to sleep .
great weather for my last day of summer
Maths is on. URL
Busy night in work.. Sheesh! Bed now then #HappyBirthday to our BabyK!! (Gotta stop callin her that.. She starts school next week!) :(
Ann Coulter is an idiot. Pretty sure she's drunk.
Omagawd no more Jersey Shore!!
USER USER USER USER USER USER USER someone else want to drive I can't be assed
Is good to hear other people's problem .. Because you will realise that your problems are small compare to them
"USER From Saturday, active servicemen and NSmen can bring their camera-enabled smartphones into 14 army camps URL lol
My Career is going to be Digital Art And Photography
Letters: Medical Imaging's Gains (1 Letter) URL
You know that moment of satisfaction when you finally understand math? Yeah, me neither.
My favouriote part about painting is taping everything off
Love this: How To Hold A Violin - NOT! URL #classicalmusic #violin #musichumor
took sleeping meds 3 hours ago, glad to see they're working -.- #fucker
USER I love working there was this and when did you #go
USER who's Will? where's he being held?
Last weekend of freedom! #gottamakethiscount
It seems the only time I can stay awake now it's at 4:30 in the morning. No need to sleep anymore. Don't worry. I'm fine. #FML
Three foreign professors. One hippy that smokes and hacks computers. One TA. kind of cool
I wonder if you smile at my texts, like I smile at yours. :")
these niggas bettin bags of chips. lmmfao. ican't
Watch my run right now with USER Live URL #RKLive #RunKeeper
Awsome homework on the first day. That's just what I wanted
ignorance is a bliss
Pentagon threatens legal action over bin Laden book - URL Yeah, that should help your re-election USER
So come on spin me around, now I don't want to go home cause when you hold me like this you know my heart skips #skipsabeat
I can't even wait to go sit at this meeting at the highschool
CRAP. that's all.
Starting my day off with some nice encouragement from my mom .. #awesomemorning
USER only because we love you, but later we will make fun of you #friends #bestbirthdayever
think its amazing how people can actually learn a full script for films!
Sydney billionaire James Packer keeps gloating about how much he's making out of Crown. City of Melb should double his rate bill to $14m.
Wow. You sure know how to reel in the hotties
iFrames are the way forward
Isnt there a #similarity bwn #SoniaGandhi and #BellatrixLestrange? #justasking
USER maybe the pirates will pick him up?
Going to chapel..alone. Oh how I love first days.
I fucking love liars.
Tunggu #TheAbsurdStory keluar!!
I love when my kids fight with each other the entire time they're getting ready for school in the morning! #ughh
Nothing but rainbows and unicorns today at work! #ilovemyboss
A girl who asks people to vote for her so doesn't deserve it
"Well she is pretty! Fifty shades of pretty!" USER USER USER
Another morning like this. #fun
USER I feel bad for those kids
A quick swipe with a sharp edge, you cut me apart and left me for dead.. No wonder they call you razor blades
Whaen your moms a total Bitch >>< #whatachild
I said I was going to be productive today, right? Pfft, didn't happen yet
Sitting on bio class. Excited!! #joking #bored
Oh! So you can qualify when I should & shouldnt b offended you u can also try to justyoury ur insult & STILL NOT APOLOGIZE?! :D #awesome
Do you sometimes feel that there isn't room in your car for YOU anymore? As usual, we rush to the rescue with.. URL
USER haha aww nothing wrong with that sometimes, I think I'm going out tomorrow for the first time in months!
I Believe In The Scriptures URL
USER Makes it on to the Billboard Hot 100 for the first time with 'Never'
will not be a repeat of last year
SPOTTED: USER doing keepy-ups outside the Etihad stadium #IDontWannaGoToStoke #PleaseTakeMe #TransferDeadineDay
dreams are what i used to chase but by God's grace and favour..they are chasing me now..always grateful
Sayin "what a day" would be an understatement right now
USER I'm sorry it just happened that way
School .. There's A Fun Time #woo
I love hearing the shots from the shooting range all day AHHA #LiesToldOnTwitter
The Natalee Holloway movie makes me want to cry ??
USER come play w me kitty kat
Super happy my teacher decided to not show up for class when we have an exam next week #salty
#business Japan's industrial output resumes slide, sinking 1.2 percent, amid weak global .. - Washington Post #news
Dude you were 3hrs late, do somn about bothyou allyall RT"USER USER & his inability to keep to time? Ewhen wen I was 3hours late!!"
Alcohol edu is so fun.
Man City are foolish for losing de Jong. However much of a thug he is, he's a better player than Milner and Barry
USER come on boro!! But who the hell is carayol??
Gotta love working till 5 am on a 15 hour shift
Its late and its still so crowded ._.
That shit she just told me made me mad for some reason.. I shouldnt have asked
Days like this I question why i do cross country
Could this get any better?
USER I was kind of joking though.. but I believe it! :) #jkthatwasmean
USER hahaha yes!! Thank you bro. That deserves a RT
Initial Post Earrings make for a unique, personalized gift. got to look close to notice them! URL
Happy Birthday USER I miss you hope, you enjoy your day!
Laying in the dark ??
Well that was a nice conversation
Nih minute buat fans arsenal USER :D URL
Oh please don't care to much.
#FavoriteThings: when Darth baby won't stop screaming long enough to eat. . Is it Wednesday yet?!
SOO EXCITED FOR THIS CROSS COUNTRY MEET! #AnythingOrCrossCountry
Why is calculus like my favorite class? What has come upon me? #loser
Twitter is fun today #transferdeadlineday
USER I didn't have chance so I'm getting them tomorrow, I'll let you know then xx
USER lol.. You got it in one :), Bed now night monkey see you some time soon at worky woo
Bounce with me Bounce with me! ?
someone who speaks of something that complete opposite of what he means, . correct me if i'm wrong again.
And the dream would go on and on while we sway against all things thrown our way. #np
USER get a dictionary, look up
That's awesome ?
Love waking up in the middle of the night! #fml
Principles of business is so fun. ??
Oh those dreams are the best.. -__- #fuck
Why she so beautiful, so jealous!! #jeremyKyle URL
Awkward eye contact is just fantastic
No ride to school today, goodthing
USER The respect that Senator Rand Paul showed for the Constitution and the rule of law was astonishing.
My girl, you can even get a large & cheese laughing out loud RT USER Dreams2RealiT laughing my fucking ass off what's good *grabs purse* leh'go
USER what up boo ?
Great day at the open! URL
What beautiful passport photos I just took #vom
#longday At least I have more money than the day before
Feels great when I can't sleep, especially when all I want to do is talk to you.
It's great when you're mom wakes you up just to yell at me then she yells at me the entire morning #todaysgomnabeawesome #annoyed
im going to lovee waking up at 5am everyday for school
This weekend is going to fucking suck #cantwait
USER merr fuck my life
Haha wow it's amazing how some seniors can leave after fourth period #jealous ??
You know what we could be together for life but you f**ked me last nigth and I was drunk.., #Quotes #FakeLove
Done with my first day of classes. Editor's meeting at 7
"USER You miss me, but you don't even try to talk to me? Okay.". </3
Long long amazing line at security! Wonderful start to the long weekend #can'twait #hungry #airportat5AM
1 am and I can already tell today will be a great day
USER stop bitching if you wasn't a penis you would still be with the 1st team
USER how'd you do that? hahaha
Ok what a great ending! #trueblood
USER come down for it, 3 weeks away
I just love having my eyes water when I sneeze.
Ready for an hour of intellectual discussion in art class.
Match Fixtures of UEFA Champions league 2012/13 URL #Arsenal #CFC #MUFC #MCFC
Love getting home from work knowing that in less than 8hours you're getting up to go back there again.
this dude really need to ask me to homecoming soon. -_-
I love when i'm running late and other drivers want to drive the speed limit!! #getoutofmywaygranny
USER alabamas cupcake schedule includes a trip to top 10 ranked Arkansas. Thanks for the love Collin.
I get warm fuzzies from 0-days I can't patch because of apps that NEED old versions of Java. Thanks Sunguard and ADP!
Joseline needs to be restricted!
Woo! When you're up to 12:30 finishing you're English paper!
Current events, US history, Spanish and English.. my nights going to be so much fun.
Oh dang, I'm so happy you're Ssoin love now.. yayeahnow, considering that a week ago you weren't together.
USER I don't like evo's not my type of car. & challengers are too expensive. I like mine especially for the price I got it
Henleys Jeans tucked into your slazenger socks, NICE!
USER la piss off bang shedule of show dito sa abu dhabi?
Well orientation sure is going great
Decote Dance and Fitness Newsletter URL
Wow, I can be really mature sometimes Sometimes, I like to take my emotionally immaturity out on Twitter because this is America!
Yes gorgeous guy I'm really sorry to here that you and your girlfriend broke up.
Let's save org utan in indonesia. They need your protect from anybody who didn't care about them. #indonesia
i just love it to see my best friend forever USER talking about her love letters all night! haha #lovethatgirl
I'll just talk to one of the many friends I have in my phone! ? URL
I just love eight o'clock classes ?
Yeah 3 homework assignment on the first day, that's whats upp ;)
Hi and bye!! :)
Windows down to 31% - "USER World's biggest computer operating system platforms when tablets & smartphones included: URL
USER USER I think it was our amazing teacher
Oh hey y'all, I forgot being ghetto was the new thing.?? #notcute
Fandango my mandingo, we should do a movie
#love being up early after getting no sleep
What a hard day of school. haha
RIP USER Deeply saddened by the loss of my dear friend and business partner Chris Lighty. He will be greatly missed. - 50
yep, it gives me advice all the time. RT USER #Libra: I have a scale in my bathroom.
USER hahah! I know, literally screamed so much hahaha
Try to damage my ego. I'll just get you back with it. #pbtweet
I love how all your tweets and instas are so original #peoplepleasers ?
I hope this week goes by really slow. #please
I don't know what to do with my life besides get high and make music
USER pengguna baru twett, mhon bantuanx ya. . :D
How you brag about true jeans and big screentelevyear oldionv and yo rent only 1.87 I be balling too
This is not so good. URL
Can already tell 3 hour Bio labs are going to be loads fun..
I want us to get caught!
Summer fruits is so yummy
Do you want a cookie for that? #notagreatachievement
Can someone please tell me why it smells like poop in Lebanon right now?! Like seriously though.. #sogross ??
Thank you alarm clock for never going off. #hatebeinglate
:D Does this make me cool!?!? URL
Thanks for showing me how real Christians act.. your such a good example..
"USER I LOVE it when the nail salon says they'll be 15 minutes when you've been waiting 30" ? ?
Went to sleep at 5pm woke at 2am.. Jet lag is just an all round good time ^
It seems too early for this to be called an instant classic but Gophs/UNLV is all that.
USER So do you sparkle in the sunlight being a "vampire" and all? >_>
Just love getting lied to !
Somewhere in the desert of Nevada, there is a touch of green. URL
Imma stop snapping tho.
There should be a " " for everyday conversation so that these people know what I really think.
I love all nighters for school so so much I totally don't need sleep!
Class, sleep, class, work. #yayy
I want to be in a fantasy footbal league
Off to Jamaica manana! Even though this trip isn't precipitated by the best circumstances, I'm looking forward to being home with fam:-)
Of course I have the earliest appointment at the dmv and the computers crashed last night #greatmorning
You may feel as if you need more attention from others today a.. More for Taurus URL
The United States is a signatory to this international convention.
USER looks awesome. How long did it take to paint?
I love that i am wide awake with him sound asleep next to me #wishicouldsleep
School tomorrow, can't wait
Norwood day. Sept 8th >
USER no kidding. It was brutal! P.S what's your beef with Warnie? Just because he bleaches his teeth & uses fake tan
I just love the USER unfollow bug.
Love crying before a visual basic game #myfavorite
Since pretty little lairs is done,what am I going to do on Tuesday's? ??
a cover of a romantic song ever, Because Of You - Keith Martin by Boyz II Boys URL
There's literally nothing to eat in my house but cheese burger hot pockets.. Mm how gourmet.
I'm. not going to get along with my chemistry teacher I don't like his ass already
USER #bbreward
Soo happy to be at work
Almost time for work..#yay
USER that's a bummer the casting plant is awesome!!
Absolutely love when water is spilt on my phone.. Just love it.. #timeforanewphone..
USER laugyesg out loud yup thats your nickname from me:D
With two of everything, there's no way I won't mess up! :) #crazy #lastday #punishment ? URL
No shame in that.
taking my boys into town today- aww yay
Every dark light is followed by a light morning. Good Morning and don't forget to be AWESOME!
Just got off the horn with Clint. Told me he really gives a shit what people think. #NoteToTwitter
Actually going to school tomorrow (x
USER you mean like real Madrid is the best team ever #biggestlie
Nothing like being in class two hours and having two hours to go! #TDE220
USER USER Hopefully not a strangers car..(:
my prayers go out to all the people in new orleans about to get hit by isaac ?
in such a happy mood
Leicester later with jess :D
I don't mind spending everyday. BUT pay me back. HAHAHA at its best.
Wow, kids drinking vodka in the back of the room during a lecture. You guys are classy.
So I accidentaly took over the whole room and now I'm trying to make room for my roomate.WHO IS COMING TOMORROW BTW.. #rushed
I was gone for 3 days and my cat didn't even notice..
fuck the police from every possible direction
I'm immortal. You can't kill what has no life lol. #BandGeekFTW
What a great morning..
Wow USER your fans have serious class. you must be so proud
USER USER Great to see you there, chaps. Loving your work. Hope to see you again soon. #PoetryPower
USER USER 'To play with it, cherish it, NOT eat it' ;)
Ill probably be a while you diks
This dude is just walking down the sidewalk on campus with a beer is his hand #sneaky
USER aww. Subway popping though
??( T_T ) ??1?.?
Some of these speakers at the RNC are just too riveting to watch.
Bianca told me that my hair growin wild son ! We need to go get that cut , I said I know mama.
USER hahaha he's sitting with me at dinner right now and we put a cow keychain by his plate
USER what bag sia? Got pic? Haha
Straightened my hair and its already curling and I haven't even went outside yet.. #greaat
I need someone to start working out with me, like going to Zumba classes and stuff
Sudah sudah RT USER USER follbeck ?? yaa thanks (??)
USER ooh lucky! i have too classes and 1 lab but textt me :)
#hoam RT USER We live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.
I love when people lie to my face.
USER Don't forget that Nick Foles is also the new Tom Brady. What a preseason! #toomanystudQBs #thankgodwedonthavetebow
godd that shower felt so guud.
USER aryou u awyoure ur little brother watches pllyourith ur sister..he was telling my sister all about it
Why does everyone on twitter believe we are in for a late bid to get Moutinho!? A Russian link! Remember SAF just confirmed he won't sign.
USER yaay *Insert 'always look on the bright side of life' joke here* :P
I can do what I want to. I play by my own rules ?
EVEN MORE BREAKING SHOCKING NEWS: Chelsea and Barcelona have agreed on a £4m fee for Lionel Messi! More to follow! #ITKAgent"
USER I would of never guessed
USER exactly! 15 acting like she is..man she's got a lot ahead of her in life! Hah!
Mega shark vs giant octopus.How did this film not win an oscar
USER ayee jamming to USER leggo
#People #be #like #this #on #instagram #like #okay #two #or #three #is #enough -__- LOL
USER USER are you two actually dating or is that just part of the film and television show?
These old ladies pointing at me on this train ffs
I like my music real loud
Super excited to run 17 miles at practice today..
USER thanks for downloading it!
I love that Joey Barton quote "For some reason the Manager dislikes me". Unbelievable. How can anyone dislike Joey Barton??
The day's top national intelligence headlines including the latest pirate kidnapping, and how cosmic rays scan cargo URL
Exactly, but some middle class want it raised apparently. RT USER Romney is lying now-Obama CUT middle class taxes.
"I believe in better days, that's why I pray"
I've lost a follower. I'm heartbroken. Honestly. #tooearlytocare
Man was my last night in olds a fucking blast
The only way that this will work, is if you love me when it hurts.. #NP
I don't think I'll be able to make it through a whole day tomorrow at school without breaking down. So that's cool.
Just another left-wing conspiracy by our America-hating President to make sure EVERYONE can vote. URL #VOTE
School, school, school. and then work. i am so glad i busy myself..
Please keep rubbing it in. I love it.
British people are amazing and very entertaining x). Hopefully visiting with my sister soon xx
Well that's great. Five hours of sleep?
Post all your inside jokes over facebook, I really want to hear about them :)
I thought I could deal with the inner pain but that on the outside hurts far more.
USER "USER The mice at Farringdon station are hungry. Hungry for blood: URL via USER
Guess I was right, falcao is comin #lfc
Darn, looks like I have to go to the Colts game tonight.
USER hello, gorgeous.
Thank you for the nice surprise under my pillow USER
Glad to see USER is clearly an unbiased web log reporting on "voter repression" #fakemedia
I think I have food poisoning. Joy.
Sometimes the love I get from people is just too much
stfu , no it don't ! "USER we ALL know! "USER USER we all know who heart your clos to laughing out loud jkjk""
Thats what they all say
Know what's great? Waking up at 4am for no reason
Great start to the day
I always know its going to be a good day when I wake up late and literally have 10 minutes to get ready
Eager to slim down? URL works perfect for just that
it's nice to see how much everyone grew the hell up over the summer haha.. #justkidding
One more day to the new gNote. Interesting to note all the media hype on Toronto blogs for this event. #notaniphone #elitist
USER will see how fat you are:)
USER Tuesday the 4th, no school the 5th, then we all go the 6th. #newsquids #wohoo
Best part of Test Track 2.0 the pre show & post show. Wow sounds awesome!
USER <-- use. Defeats purpose but better than frustration-induced-desk-headbanging.
USER you heard he going to THFC?
When guys say "my pussy" instead of "my girlfriend" << #thanks #feelapreciated
Wow! Great day that was!! ..
I just love my job! #countingtheminutesuntilIgettoleave
I've completed Ready for the Journey collection! URL #ipad #ipadgames #gameinsight
I'm glad everyone in my house is in such a great mood. #annoyedtwet
USER I got a tweet out of it. #socool
It's our godforsaken right to be loved, loved, loved, loved
USER hell no my account been acting crazy, I got a spam so I had to reverse it. I'm following back everybody as you can c
Happy birthday dad. Glad your around to celebrate it. #48yearsyoung
Bronchitis, eat infection and a fever. Makes for a great start to my labor day weekend
Just found out my Visual Art class is sculpting.. #greatt
This is what I get for taking Ap world.. ?? #homework
USER Sure a smart fella like you will be able to pick up the language no problem. #northernmonkey
lol she just doesnt want to talk to us.
oh, you wanted me to lie. (V_v) #FOLLOW
Happy birthday Fine!! hugs and kisses Love you tons! URL
LOVE Being Called into Work on My Day Off!
I think we don't have school tomorrow.
In such a good mood today #tired
It's awesome when boyfriends are more important then bestfriends..
and now tomorrow the real work starts.. yaay
After 45 minutes of deliberation it has been decided: Idaho is the worst state. USER
I hate it when I don't forward a chain mail and I die the next day.
stfu.. let me die in peace.. #spoilers #ofwhat
Back to the oral surgeon .. #yay
Oh no, it's okay. I would love to just sit around waiting in financial aid all day because its not like I have anything else to do
Watering the grass as its raining. Smart! #sdsuprobs
Months* RT USER Day two of not talking to you at all. Love this. So much fun #imy
Filling out medical forms is how I like to spend my Tuesday mornings #boring #tedious #samequestionsallthetime
God I love Pam African studies. So much. i don't know what I would be doing if I wasn't having so much fun in this class.
Black girls can be so fucking rude #no #yougetoutofthefuckingway
Who wants to go back to sleep? ME! #highschoolproblems #highschoolprobs #exhausted #gonnabeagreatday
Shitty day
#previoustweet
Love being an Arsenal fan on #DeadlineDay
Homework done by 8? Well.time to catch up on honey boo boo online! ?
So I've got new neighbours. Loud ones, it seems.
USER USER You answered mine with just a no lmao.
#GOP2012 love the debt clock at GOP trouble is they don't break out what portions was bush and what is obama
I was still the first one to tell Bryson happy birthday on his actually birthday .. (:
#BeliebersHateDirectioners Really?people are taking this to far, getting really childish! I'm sure your "idols" will love you now
Great confidence boost
USER cause he came over today and you know how laos parents are.
The Grateful Dead, Jerry Garcia and The Stolen Sweets: weekend fun in .. - URL OregonLive.comT.. URL
Youur hilaarious .. #YourActuallyAnoyimg
"Well, that's no fun. I'll get some crayons and make my own dollars." #KidsForRyan
USER USER personally I think it deserves a follow!
USER great year for this plan, what with the incredibly strong draft class next year
you are the best thing, that's ever been mine
Cause I would just HATE to violate the dress code again.
Walking to class across campus, in the rain, with no umbrella, is just how I wanted my day to be.. #soaked #rolltide
Didn't even sleep on a pillow, this is going to be fun for me with all this damn pain
Sex is so disgusting!
USER Yes, revisionist history books glorifying the ok definitely shows how sorry they are
USER Now we have songs speeding up at random? Good job. #vevochipmunks #fail
My dreadlocks were #cute #newhairdo
Too bad I cant go to lifetime. Thankkyou hurting toe, I don't feel fat at all #psych
Ron Paul gave the #GOP the cold shoulder?? You don't say.. I'm shocked.
Thank God the Romney Campaign is really specific on their policies and don't lie to Americans straight to their face.
The Doctors office today. How fun..
Are we still on for marbs or ibiza or something in 2014?! <3.. - Of course we are baby! love URL
Looking forward to staring at the ceiling until I fall asleep #SomeonePlayWithMe.
USER aww, well fingers crossed!
Its raining again -_-
These are the most normal people I've ever met in my life
USER ..of my uncle! Lol
USER of course it is.
Quite an impressive torta. URL
For be back quick takeaway call us at 22464818 & will prepare the beef patties for grilling . Enjoy ?
This man named both of his children Ashley.. what the fuck is wrong with him
..And life goes on.
USER I wish I was more like her.. #jeremykyle
I love when people favorite a tweet but don't retweet #notserious
It's going to be a great day
180 days until summer! #notthatbad on the bright side we only have too days until for 4 day weekend
#nowplaying The Unforgettable Fire - you too <33 I love Radio Veronica :-) #memories
Well done liverpool, you will now be playin thursday games in ukraine etc on channel 5 and be tired for the prem #SoundsGreat
Have to get blood work done this morning #yay #bestwaytostarttheday
I went for a run yesterday and today my whole body is killing me. How rewarding exercise is
What is this? Bash Jeremy Bevans at work day? Yeah? Oh okay! #holycrap must be awesome to be the guy everyone hates! #yeahright
"USER Aston Villa have signed striker Jordan Bowery from Chesterfield #skydeadlineday" biggest deal of the summer
USER Are Liverpool playing?!
USER it's fine I'd definitely rather be learning discrete math
"USER NYU has installed a shining solution to its library's troubling suicide problem | URL (via USER USER
#bestmoviequotes 'The first rule of Fight Club, don't talk about Fight Club' - Self-explanatory?!
This is why I want to drive myself! Shuttle takes forever !!
O.o he might be hurt -_-
Very happy to start my last year of college :)
Hi sexy people
USER laughing my fucking ass off yes I love him I make signs for him all the time lol
Just going I wait at the airport all night in Toronto because airports are so fun at 4am :D
my section leader is band captain. go me! #ithinkialreadytweetedthis
I feel really sick and I have a too hour car journey ahead of me ??
Yea bitch I'm official tell the ref blow the whistle
Pretty windy out. Wonder why..
Gotta love getting up early on your two days off and doing harder work then normal without bieng paid #unreal #thebest
Waste of credit man haih
USER This isn't a kaskade concert Q.
I would lose my wallet. Gosh I love being driven to school by my mother.
USER lmaoo proper #bassface ??
So i have no idea what i did with my pay stub which means i either lost it or tossed it in the garbage. Time to watch my bank account -_-
Love being wide awake at this time!
Yes annoying hotel guests, please take your pet elephant for a walk outside the room at 4am, when normal people are trying to sleep
Maybe I'm just like my mother.
USER Welcome back! #SteelersNation
Yee! College class in the A.M is where its at boii! WOO! ..
FINALLY! "USER I took those long nails off. They were just press on for my shoot. oh my god I can text & tweet again.#freedom"
RTUSER T-ara reveals more teaser images for "Sexy Love" URL
930 on my birthday waiting for a met to go to theory test #TheJoys
going to school with wet TOMS. #lovetoday
One day you will realize,there's no other person will love you like i do..!
Let's talk about all the points you gain for telling folks you're NOT attracted to you're in a relationship
USER you know what know!!
Got my foams in 2mins!! New record thanks USER for the fast checkout
What do gay people eat? Food.
how you talk about somethwithwit a hoee ?
Suns out and I'm working ?? #yay
I'm sorry this made me laugh, great advice there girlfriend doctor #whateven URL
USER USER USER love you headbanging mofo's!!
USER that's fantastic! #fucklife
Helluva dinner right there! #college #wantarealdinner ? URL
Every pot got a lid fa true
Yes. Yes I love when people don't talk to me. And then they don't tell me why they haven't been talking. #exactlywhyamiyourfriend?
"USER skater Boys are so 2002. URL LOL'ing!!
Finally got some #chipotle. Yess! long mission with my homegirl USER
Men are fickle. God bless them.
Performin Live tonight At The Loft Book Store Cafat @ 350 Tompkins Av untiltil 12am USER USER URL
USER In this unfamiliar place, I'm greeted by a stranger, a man without a face - lyrical genius there from dream theater
"USER USER follow back? :)" as long as you don't unfollow me!!
USER thanks for spelling my twitter name correctly.
Boy this is going to be an adjustment. Good thing I'm a great morning person! #biggirlpants
Baby, when we're good you know we're great, but there's too much bad for us to think that there's anything worth trying to save.
It's great when the one thing you don't want to think about, is the only thing you can think about.
Fine going back to bed
USER haha thank you :)
USER last day of the summer months people - enjoy!!
I have to get up.. ):
Things seem to be getting better today, but the final outcome .. More for Virgo URL
Going to show USER and USER a thing or too about golf tonight #PGA #threeput
gonna buy some Nike Air Max's to follow all the hipters
love how I can't even sleep in anymore
soo much fun with the extra bedrest
Wow my fridge is so full!:( URL
Wow look at arsenal splashing out the cash #deadlineday
At the doctor..can't wait to turn my head and cough! #violated #itsjustcoldinhereiswear
going to lincolnshire.. might see my beloved father #hesacunt
Raven, Hill and Stone back in for Rovers qualifying final clash with Albury. Full teams on our website now. URL
?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? .. ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? .. .. ?? ?? .. .. The.. URL
The way that dustbin man just spat was so attractive #Omg #BeMine #Hotstuff #Wink #Vile
Wtf my sister used all the makeup remover cloths and she doesn't even use makeup.
USER You guys must be the reason construction gets done so fast ! #lazy
Getting to Reinhart is a hikee
USER good one! I've never heard that before!
Good thing I have work till close tonight
Wtf with Venus' "I feel American" comment? Oh, right, because you've NEVER gotten any support before..
From Google >> Making it easier to cast your ballot URL
USER haha bet you'd much rather be at home tho? It's #craycray at home! #jk
That's real great
I'm really excited for night class
Time to choose America. Socialism destroys Jobs. Capitalism creates Jobs. Want to get America working again?
at a bus stop with 6 grade nines.. #thrilled
I'm still standing yesterday today and forever. That's why we praise Him. #sundaylineupmakessense
So glad I'm retaking physics. It's even more fun the second time around! Asian Accents are so easy to understand!
USER i am mad why isnt it working
Working on my day off! I love my job!
Have not seen USER in 5 days.. does anyone else find this super odd? ?
And how I got immature for telling her not to bother with you.
The headline he didn't see coming URL via USER #go2newsdu #unemployed #doledaytuesday
USER USER yes they were. fake kandiss danced all night and fake christian called me his twin.
Went to the beach today! The water was SO warm! #englishsummer #imstubborn.
Hoes these days #gottalovem #butreally
I #votebieber for the 2012 MTV #VMA #Bing Most Share-Worthy Video! See who's in the lead and tweet your vote: URL x50
USER well shit what do you expect?!?! (; #colts!
From volleybal right to footbal. I look hot. #lol
Looking forward to a footbal filled timeline today girls #doigiveashit
#voteonedirection
I don't think anything can be worse than a negative thinker.
*standing in front of the door, hair wet and in a towel* "did you just shower?! 0.o" "no, I just took a shit -__-" laughing my ass off ?
USER ppsht. nahh? #obsessed is and understatement
I couldn't handle a night out with USER #UglyAsChuff. URL
Who's excited to go to band practice tonight?!? I know I am!!
Just saw my first Iron Maiden shirt. #metal
USER David whens your next fight please reply !
USER Soon there won't be any of that breed left, as good as they are in traditional roles. Every year you have to do and know more.
USER USER USER USER USER USER oh yeah
Nothing better then being stuck in traffic on my way to work
The most disadvantageous peace is better than the most just war.
USER err no! That's what the was for!
I'd like to give a shout out to all the people who text me for a minute then stop responding. You make dreams a reality #whybother
USER informed voter you are I see!
This tweet is for you mom, please stalk me some more
Well this is fun..
Absolutely love seeing those tweets when I wake up.
Serious question: what happened to the New Boyz? They seemed set for a long and illustrious career
So excited for my family hike at 9 freaking o'clock in the morning! ? I love not sleeping in on my day off.
#FF USER because I laughed my ass off reading those "7zezir" ^^ #Lebanon
Watching Beyond Scared Straight laughing out loud funny ass hell
USER thank god for that, I was going to mention your personal hygiene but I'll leave in now.
Hot pool fun in #Hanmer after a big day of training #timetorelax URL
i guess its okay to act like that
To be :-) getting up early to make breakfast
.USER thanks for getting back to me it's much appreciated.
What a HUUGE punt! Oh man, that was amazing!..
Woo let's go wrestling conditioning! #goingtodie #goodbyeveryone
USER asking me a question about science when I may get merrked?!. :D yes
USER with those sexy white knickers #sexy
USER you liar l0l .. what kind of family are you
Nothing like the smell of browning ground beef at 645 in the morning. #multitasking
USER who dosent want to be invited to a foam party with a bunch of kids running around half naked.. #thatssomesickshit
I don't have any room for negativity in my life. All that negative energy takes up space that I could be using for good stuff!
Watch USER now for #CNN Election Roundtable on URL URL
Miley Cyrus quotes the Buddha. Wow, isn't she a dedicated Christian, just like she always says!
can't wait to make this 10 minute walk to class to sit and listen to my bob barker lookin ass Prof talk for an hour fifteen.
I love Friday morning practices ?
Can't wait to get up in four hours
My life be like ;o
You Never Know Homie, About These Hoes Homie, You Need To Pump Your Breaks And Drive Slow Homie.
Can't wait to see USER later today #bigcuddle
USER what do you want?:)
Mann is you gon call?
It bothers me that 'Beliebers' are saying NOW ONLY they heard JB's coming to SA?..Did you NOT see his tweet 2MONTHS AGO? #RealFans?
Getting hit up with that ntb. >>
USER me to
Where's my cat!?
This weather is out of control hopefully good ol Judy decides to cancel classes tomorrow too #serious
Berdua'an di kassa bantuin mas andik opname,, ehh malah curhat *mateknak
A day of class and a night at work #yayfortheweekend <--
[gourmet] THE TIMES OF MY LIFE: Stephen Longstreet's piece on his last (sad) summer living in Europe as an artis.. URL
To Spice Up Your Ad Strategy, Try Going Viral URL via USER Wait, why didn't I think of that? #oldfolks
My wife making my cake :)
Enemies who once was a friend
USER USER USER Love my new MGM lion!! My night was already made when I opend my bag & discovered him! URL
USER oh no, what happened? :(
USER pin replied
Why havent any of you threatened VDV wife yet? I want to see VDV shirts burned? Wheres the fucking abuse to Rafa?
Sir affirmative Moore says Daniel Craig is the best bond.. i have to disagree, it will always be Sean Connery for me. URL
All outfits are ten times sexier with a backpack full of textbooks.
Time to get ready, yay! #TiredAf'
I'm glad it's 6 AM and I'm just going to bed. Thank you freshmen. #EMT
and the final textbook total plus tax comes to just under 400$ #great #ripoffs
20 minutes of laundry at 1 am. Awesome
a bug flew in my nose and my mom is ttipin over mt everest. gee, i don't remember why i was dreading this day at all.
USER just hang out at the game a far as I know. Probably or best bet.
USER USER There's like 12 of us going. Yeah give me a shout when you're over there.
USER That link you posted URL The youtube videos - Melb hipsters are lame. The Sydney video even got the accent right!
USER you tweet too much.
K can't believe I'm taking the bus the first day of school
I really like how the rains just gunna mess up my hair ??
i want these shirts oh my god URL
#Spiritual love affair_Bantu Soul??
Jus foolin though too chainz
USER so you showed up like a stud all wet and flexing?! oh the horror! <__<
Glad today is like 100% humidity. #IHateThis
USER yeah right!
USER that's great news. Hope all keeps going well for you.
It's supposed to rain all weekend? We're moving.. #awesome
This is a test.. I will pass it
USER interesting, most liberal states with highest debt, totally shocking.
imagineertobe: This might be my favorite backstage photo! Look at the Haunted Mansion facade down at the bott. URL
you know I'd fall apart without you <3
USER Poll could have been by Senator Dillard. His supporters seem to have the most conflict with the Herald poll results yesterday.
30k dead, maybe they're targeting civilians USER 10 bakery attacks in #Aleppo are not (cont) URL
thanks for making me feel so much better #annoying #me #juststop #nothelping #thanks
Perfect end to a perfect week.
Im already having a bad day and i am not. Even at school yet
USER way to have my back doo doo! (:
USER on the phone "it can work, just look, Lamar and Chloe Kardashian have been together for 3 years now"
Yayy for not being able to sleep ?
Oh wow, don't I feel loved?! Not in the mood for this day! Bleh!
Welp.. I'm guessing the person that invented those mini car vacuums was a parent. I can almost guarantee it. URL
Being covered in hives is so fun.
USER sign up #KrisLewie. With such technical skill and imposing physique as his, he is money to b made! #TnaGutcheck
I BEG TO DIFFER- Pakistan did it! "ABVP men assault 98 migrant workers in Karnataka, drag them out of train" | URL
Unexpected romantic conflict might surface today and have impa.. More for Sagittarius URL
USER is it wrong?
"USER Sex is so disgusting! " procreation
USER he was doggin Obama too
Aww *sempoyongan RT USER coba twitpic photo yuragam setelah baca URL URL
I have the worlds best neighbors! .
sometimes i wonder..maybe i should've shared that picture, or forwarded that email..maybe then my crush might tell me he loved me
The Lord will give strength unto his people; the Lord will bless his people with peace. URL
Lumber futures limit up after that Eastwood speech
USER what the hell? ?
Oversleeping for my 9 o'clock class and chapel, then waking up with a huge migraine.. #goingtobeagreatdy #frshmn16prblms
USER I've watched you on television unfortunately #support don't criticize anyone can read a TelePrompTer
USER hahahahaha good stuff!
I shut people out when i feel boxed in i carry my family troubles on my back
Dang, I also just remembered, I have bills to pay
USER if I can find a damn ride..
USER missing in action baby lol!!
Hang on, this isn't my cat..
Gonna be a dirtyy weekend in IC, lets fucking goo
Homework :l #calculus #physics #1302 #ohwhatjoy
Sagol Please, I eat with my hands! Thanks to Asif Haider for sharing. URL
USER haha its an old picc though :p
Greeted by perma-tanned, pink blackberry waving chavy female at bus stop, so gracious to share your banging tunes with us.
Abt to blow another blunt
Such a nice day out, let's go swimming!
USER was invited once to speak to students that were doing my degree. Didn't check my emails in time but they had FREE PIZZA & BEER :(
Id give my right arm to be in the Paralympics
USER I want to work at it! Ill do it for.free:) #hookmeup
USER I just love TSwift so much!! #bleedingears #lookslikearat
nanti malam ngafalin conversation yeahe
Speaking as a completely objective third party observer with absolutely no personal interest in the matter.
A stressful situation at work may activate old memories of pas.. More for Aries URL
Some love stories aren't epic novels,some are short stories. But that doesn't make them any less filled with love #sexandthecity
I #voteonedirection for the 2012 MTV #VMA #Bing Most Share-Worthy Video! See who's in the lead and tweet your vote: URL
Yay its pouring rain and I have xc this morning! #exhausted
Westfield full of children now <<
Oh NO I have to go!! Try to trend #tellusaustin !! USER now you have to wait until I get back because you waited to long!
May your sadness be mine. May my happines be yours. May you always be happy. Love You, now and ever <3
Paul Smith Jeans Creates Line for Barbour: The collection launches on Sept. 1. Continue re.. URL via USER
I love when Facebook is slow!
Jersey Shore is cancelled. How sad.
Find the beauty in Christ.
I lost 3 followers recently but i have tracked them down using URL
Thaanks ? USER USER USER USER USER USER ?
So glad i'm losing sleep over someone I barely know.. #waytogocait
USER I don't know about you but man I am loving this history homework
First day of school is always the best.
5 hours of sleep. #gonnabeagoday #shootme
USER No food :(
Having to go to college today to enroll for the second time #funtimes
USER joking.. Marois is dumb, didnt get the ?
USER I'm so glad I'm working tonight!!
Gotta go charge my phone..
USER We Would Have!! me, you, dom, andd what was the name of the glee kid we were going to meet?!
Now the thinking settles in #great ?
Nothing like a little Biochem in the morning
USER will this do? URL
UGH JOUR181 is going to be the death of me. Best labor day weekend evar! I have to study the whole time.
USER I miss seeing your "pissed off at the world face" every morning while I eat breakfast
My 5,391st tweet goes out to me having WAY too much time on my hands.
USER Ahh thanks :). Don't know why I decided to drink #champ or am still up but tomorrow will be great! See you soon
Thanks to USER for providing greenbelt essentials. #gin #wellies
USER #KeepCalmAndLoveTrain #TrainIsTheMostIncredibleBandEver #WeLoveTrain URL
Ever since you guys meyou u don't care about me anymore :( #thanksforbeingthere. . #loosingeveryone
USER mr chambers I can't explain how honoured I am to have you following! I've been away.. so haven't been around.. Wbu??
Ready to get home to my baby.
Greaat! justwhatt we need RT"USER The drought in the United States is likely to push food up prices in South Africa."
#WaysToIrritateMe leave my door open a crack when it was clearly fully closed before you got there.
THAT WASN'T THERE BEFORE IS THIS A SPLINTER?! what the fuck IS THISS *HISSES* Also, my mom randomly asks my weight #ThanksForTheEgoBost
This night rocked
Back to sleeping in the lorry all week #LifeOfLuxury
USER where is she? Is she okay? #imissmagie ??
USER HAHAHA that made me laughing out loud thats too funny
Mr. Brown was talking about bloods and crips, omg. ?
No awkward social interactions to make new friends :P THANK the L A W D
Rain, a great way to start the day
Don't miss these auction bargains going on right this minute- URL ->RT & Share!
Last minute wisdom teeth appointment on Wednesday. Can't wait.
I love having a runny nose.. No really, this is just what I wanted ?
Dinner date at the Melting Pot with USER ?? #perfect URL
Anambra Governor Said to Secretly Own Shares in N15 billion SABMiller Brewery - URL #Nigeria
USER I know I will!
;great day.
Temperature's back to normal. This is where the dizzines starts. Feels like I took drugs; my whole world is spinning in slow-mo.
So fucking hungry. Lunch time!
okay, I understand people wanting to evacuate for this little tropical storm, but all the gas stations in wiggins are out of unleaded gas.
Another 8 am.. super sweet
Swear I never hear about anyone going to Arbys
Yay for new medication #areyoukiddingme
My charger works on my roomates phone, the iPad, and NOT my phone. That makes a lot of sense. #iPhoneprobs
Tea Tonight URL
I love waking to everyone being rude to me. Today's going to be fantastic
Oh you can ridyourur bike with no hands? Your so impressive
YOLO? Good thing you told me this, I thought we all live twice.
USER Please please tell us your fighting before the year is over??
Take me shoppin in France and he pay in advance
Annoyed as fuck
USER I miss you too dawgy
USER yes, I am. Time to finish what I started.. Btw, you have to meet my lady, she get funnier by the day.
It's okay I didn't want to talk to you or anything..
wait my 3 hour class was 20 minutes long.. first #SyllabusWekPerk I've experienced, ever.
"USER Arsenal = Selling Club. We officialy cant hide from that." Rt the reason to remain positive.
Out of work at 5! Yess!
Twit tadi rada absurd yak -__-
Smoking pot lowers your IQ? Seriously, I had no idea!
Nw: Thirteen Ghosts
#STROMBOLI #STROMBOLI #STROMBOLI My favorite place to eat in the world, right here in the little town of Starkville. ?
Sleeping in until 2:30 in the afternoon >> ? #goodmorning
#AustriaHungarySloveniaWant1D #voteonedirection Már 2.:D
USER I take it that you're a pretty active twitterer there Mr. Perkins?
USER by far the best financial tool I have ever used. Please please come out with an application that is more like your regular program
USER well too bad it did! Mhmhmhhm.
USER USER thats what they all say
I've seen enough #tbt to last me a year!! #thanks
!! "USER Practice being cancelled would be a gift from god"
Geech unlocked his and am not know USER Was going hack his twitter
Have to try on suits all day for a wedding, fun.
Wow its feels nice to be appreciated #suckyfriends
Trying to find that one song to fall asleep to on pandora :) time for bed have to wake up in a few hours for work. Then Toby Keith sunday!!
My week on twitter: 1 new listings, 7 new followers, 1 mentions. Via: URL
It's crazy how few people use Facebook, people used to have hundreds say happy birthday to them now I usually just see 20 at the most..
Yeah, I'm all about to marry someone serving life in prison. Makes perfect sense.
Babylon by bus
Walmart I do fuckin love you!!
USER Serious, sarcastic, or Bendtner-esque? Which is a combination of seriousness, feeling lucky, and sheer cockyness.
I am fortunate to be able to speak the people's language. We help bring an understanding to things they already know.
Was a Cinderella Story on tonight? Everyone seems to be distracted by a drought..? #ifyoucouldnttel
Starting my #cleanse today! No dairy, meat, sugar, sweets, and coffe! Living off of veggies, fish, and green juices for a whole week.
Going to sleep. Byebye sweeties! <3
I always have to contain my grin of absolute joy when my boss tells me I can finish now. Yes, yes I can ;)
Man, the #SEC must be crazy deep if Vandy is playing South Carolina this close. #eyeroll
Photo of the day - cool, creamy mango sorbet from USER URL
Props to the gamecocks for beating the big dominating team Vanderbilt by a whole for points! .
this is going to be a fun semester..
A girl on Facebook legitimently just posted "I'm the most popular person at our school, not trying to be selfish!" okay goodbye I hate you all
USER ahahahhahahaha i am dying right now
Cant wait to get back to nice hot sunny England
?? so excited!!
lol they always laughing at her . shitty hands ass Sept7&8 . 2DayHouseParty
Thanks a lot USER for reminding me to do the reading notes ? #f
Just ignore me that's okay too. #appreciateit
all moved in!! let the drinking begin!!
So excited to get up at 5 a.m. tomorrow! ughh is it thursday yet??
USER I am waiting for you..I want to do my home work
I don't know why you're always talking about yourself to me. Why not ask how I'm doing? I'm doing great, thanks for asking.
I just love clinicals at this time of day! ? #nursingstudentproblems
USER pfft heskey and Carrol what a strike force! by the way loved seeing you the other day on the P and R!
That never happens to me lol
CULT RELATIONSHIPS Fast days & Fast love? Better be sure! Click button, scroll to listen, and share. Sponsored by.. URL
I just attract all the really awesome guys -_- #nomeansno #leavemealone
USER MEOW
So excited for work todayy
Do you remember last September's power outage in #SanDiego? Would you be ready for another? URL
#BestMovieQuotes "You didn't think it was going to be that easy, did you?"
I have the besst sister ever..
Wow looks like this whole week is just dandy.
USER don't act la. Ball almost everyday still dare tell me didn't ball whole year.
Yes Christian radio on the bus!
USER oh yeah I was contemplating if you were
USER well I never knew that. We do not converse enough, I feel! How long you there for? X
too many derps taken of me today. fuci amim beautiful .
If I ever need a brain transplant I'd choose yours because I'd want a brain that had never been used URL
Off to soccer practice, could hell week be any more fun
These holidays have got so much better since the start.. -_-
A1337535, a Pug in CA, needs a home now! See him on URL URL
don't say it's too late to try, to make it right..
Electric picnic has a fantastic line up this year #wow
Footbal and hockey are the only two things I'm looking forward to this school year ??
Take a long time to reply and I'll take TWICE as long :)
2#gmpang kok dpt tribal pattern printed by outfit.bs padukan outfit tribal indonesiamu dgn fringed.the result is Etnik! URL
Ohh yeaah I feel sexy URL
This kid next to me doesn't get the hint that I have a boyfriend. It's too early to flirt get off me bro! #creeper
Powering through these physics questions.. Getting them all wrong in the process :D. Yuss!
Didnt see that coming RT USER Allen Pinkett will not be part of #NotreDame radio broadcast this weekend.
Awesome more rain. Today couldnt get any more great .-.
Well this has been interesting day so far and it's still the morning. Can't wait to see what more this day will bring.
USER I know right? So very strange, but it made my day :D #easilyamused
Eyebrow twitches
Good times with good friends USER URL
Chinese food please haha #hungry #midnightmunchies
I wish this feeling for you would just disappear </3
so happy work has started again
i see sunderland are pushing for a high finish signing danny rose, quality signing! #dogshite
I use to tell people the truth yet they never really know since I only speak sarcastically.
Hi I'm Justin Bieber I think i am black and have for real swag but I post pictures of myself with no shirt for votes and idk. Oh.
If it aint 1 thing its another
I really don't think today could be any better. #not
Rick Ross is coming to tomorrows pep really. #omg
cleaning the car is so fun -.-
Lol!! So funny to me!
USER Love how he uses the term suspect, like he was an actual cop, but couldn't pass an intro criminal justice class.
USER it really is,my life has changed living by that, positivity, & enthusiasm. Law of attraction never fails too! Miss you!
That damn Holliday can only hit solo homers, not #clutch at all #BFIB
Your perfect relationship is over ? Didn't see that one coming . #knewit #joke
Oh my lanta..this gym has no A/C. ?#gonnapasout
So happy I understand my stat teacher !! #gonnafail #Thefuck
I'm so bored. Such a great way to end summer
#iphone #applegod #instagood #famous #fashion #design #cali #iphone #ipad #beatifull #fast #thin URL
I feel like I'm going to throw up.. Today is going to be grand. ?
I really just love my class. You are all too smart. #UhItsHighSchool URL
That awkward moment when Taylor Swift does get back with her ex o.O
BL: A Few Clouds and 76 F at Salt Lake City International, you therereal tournament Winds are Southeast at 10.4 miles per hour (9 KT). The pressure is 1 URL
What a great way to start off the day #pissedoftwet
I got yeah man USER
At least my alarm woke me up in time for class this morning
USER Nothiing
URL "Bugger" doesn't do it justice.. First Fleetwod and now Marseille. Oh Joey!
Yay andrew Corbin is in my English class
Will have loads of fun taking the NCAE tmrw. ?
oh and yay work directly after all my classes
huh, who would have thought that I would wake up to pouring rain on move-in day? that's new. #fouryearsrunning #conncurse
Doing laundry and homework but time for a cigarette break :)
USER voulez vous coucher avec moi
I'm really happy my kindle chose the day before I go on holiday to break #heartbroken waa
Somebody needs to wake me up because I'm pretty sure this is all a dream, it has to be.. #notreal
Thanks #Isaac for making our first pep rally and home footbal game get cancelled! #JrBillies #cheer ??
#randomthought Why do girls wear yoga pants to the gym? Why not just go naked? There isn't much of a difference.
No establishing Medicare and medicade which we all know the republicans are so fond of..
Ahaha he's his cousin, AWKS. #skypejustgotreal
Looking forward to going back to school.
USER Bravo!! Was just thinking that you ought to be busier this autumn/winter!
I'm so sorry if my crossing the street in that crosswalk was so offensive to you. Jerk Drivers!
Oh christ are you going to ambers party ? for fuck's sake - yeah why wouldn't I woo woo! URL
Yay for an hour and a half of sleep!
I wish they would get this Justin bieber SHIT off my TL
Finally they decide to answer the phone, thank you LJMU :))
never been so tired in all my life:( and the rain just got heavier as I left , great!
So glad the UofL free wifi works for my phone and laptop
Transfer Deadline day.. Shame I'm off work..
Office for the day URL
LOOL Just watched #CitizenKhan Yeah I'm late but still
I, on the other hand, am wrapped up in my cardie, bare-faced & hiding behind shades with medium size bag..#theylneverspotme #maniacallaugh
Yeah, just ignore me.. That TOTALLY the right way to handle this! #Sonot #gonabeanotherloongnight
USER its fine.. i am a be running my butt off tm at practice! And then coming home to my sister!! (:
USER LMAOO Ohh the bus, I don't even know where I can get on one
"USER Good to hear Hulk Hogan in the air! " I'm thinking a tag team UFC style match: Bubba and Hogan vs Mike and Warren Sapp!
absolutely delighted to still be awake at this hour. #fml
Going to school again tomorrow. School nalng everyday, even saturdays because i love school!
From 1995, "Now that was just for no good reason." #Wings URL #GetGlueHD #Wings
Everyone was making comments about how big my butt was. awwk
80 grand an ass hole 40 cal on me WOW!!
USER because Fox is well-balanced and objective?
The girl that treats you like shit when all you did was attempt to make her smile a little. <3
"USER Cheap prick lesson 1, bring chips to a party that nobody likes but you" USER keep this in mind.
Now I'm off to my wonderful job till 9:45
I'm so happy we have mature guys at this school #ECUprobs
These people smell amazing on this bus ?
I wish I cared about the highway 167 showdown.. #dontgetfootbal ?
Oh Sansa, you have the best ideas.
"USER somes God`s greatest gifts are unanswered prayers."
USER hope you enjoy it!
Nothing pisses me off more then fake people. If you don't like someone, don't act like you do #AreYouSerious #LikeReally
My sister is actually hilarious!
I am so not a morning person..Have a good day e'rybody
Seeing you << #bestdayever
USER it was some random at Walmart. laughing out loud #walmartsfinest
I usually have something already planned but oddly I don't todaay.
Looking forward to school kids going back to school next week- NOT! #trafficjam
USER Dude, where the hell have you been? He mentions it, like, every time he..oh, wait, . Never mind.
Bank of America #stupid
Don't be so formal because I'm much older you think it's not nice to ask me help.. please do tell me so I won't be feeling much guilt.
Today me and my boyfriend grew closer..we had an amazin day.. #hellainlolaughing out loud<-- lol maybe
Tell it to my 9 bitch.
USER will do. We still have to go to pizza bogo
Well that was brilliant #letdown
Looking forward to work tomorrow
our itunes libraries have now become one file. this is worthy of a gift registry. #threechordsandthetruth #mp34ever #fb
USER love you!?oh I'm sure I will
I love how they're takin his side over mine tonight
USER Dno, half hour/hour at tops I think x
*When my name's in a math problem, class stares at me* Me: That's right bitches. I bought 60 watermelons.
Abeg singing is nice try meant for everybody aomepple shuld go and sit down
USER you didn't know? Yep, that's how it works! #lol
Puppy forced into bin is rescued URL
I love people that copy everything I do??
Isn't it great when you're mom tells at you the entire morning? #todaysgomnabeawesome! #annoyed
5 1/2 hours of sleep, sure I'm ready for a 6am practice #exhausted.
USER We invented a new Fisher one for my dad's 60th - beautifully illutrated along with our immediate family motto, 'Fuck 'Em'
Please don't go into that brown mini van, oh god #killmenow
I love doing 90 and 100 yard sprints just for warmups in footbal.
Well that was fun..but not really. #fml #whybother
Please oh please, sense the .
Love when you don't have two minutes to send me a quick text..
Life is too short to spend it with people who don't make you happy.
Neway let me pray and put GOD? first!
Choose a telephone answering package that is right for your business. URL
Stay up until too to talk to you for 30 seconds how sweet of you! #Asshole #Whatev
Lol. some people are complete fucking assholes to other people thinking their being funny. #gofuckyourself.
Nap time is over, time to FTW?
Nahh house music has to interrupt the schedule oii :D B)
Shopping for my friends daughters birthday and having wayy to much fun in the #Disney store!
(??_?) tired for waiting
USER thinking of creative ways to tell people "sit on my face" so I could be in the next Tyler Oakley video
Had a great night with the girls #girlienightout
Raiders - Denarius Moore-WR: Denarius Moore (hamstring) and Jacoby Ford (foot) both sat out practice Monday, pro.. URL
It's the most wonderful time of the year! #:(
Lol just kidding. He's a Hamilton, very loyal & he's very smart. I say bedtime & he runs upstairs to bed.
Playing Sims3. Its been too long.
God have ways of showing us.. B rdy! #ThankYouJesus
LOOKBOK: USER drop their fall 2012 lookbok, see here URL #WeAreCypher USER
If it's not one thing, it surely is another.. :(
USER USER bet it looked cool though!
I have a lot of friends in this class
This is really bad. The problem is I don't know when I'll be called. My only choice is to wait until I'm called.
Oh hey it's raining in Greenvile. What a huge surprise!! ?
#ThatAwesomeMoment when the guy cutting your hair with shavers says oh fuck
Visit to the dentist and changing a flat - two of my favorite things in one morning. Talk about stars aligning!
#TeamRedBaron and USER have teamed up on something pretty cool and are giving away killer gamer gear. Check it out: URL
"Via the internet?" :')
Thinking about it I actually don't like you
really looking forward to work today
John King: Convention goal is changing voters' view of Romney: URL CNN
fun filled weekend ahead of chemistry, history and legal studies woop woop #fuckschool
USER Skirt is a bit long isn't it don't yeah think lmao. #hottie :] x
cailiin asked: i've been following you for less than a day and you're already second in my tumblr crushes at.. URL
USER your tolerance is a breath of fresh air #isaac #rnc
Please, all of the nation come to edwards drugs today. I don't think we have filled quite enough prescriptions today.
Yee ' goodnight to you too. #irritated #everyonefuckoff
#27 Tap #photoadayaug love what them people call tap-tapss hehehe [late post] URL
I swear sleep is more of a necessity in college then food is. #RealTalk
Thankful that GOD blessed me with another day ?
The grass is greener where you water it!
I'm grounded for a whole school year!! Yay me.
KeKe Wyatt looks like one of my prophytes..
?? ??;"USER USER ?? ?? ?? ??;"
USER Damn. extreme droll Do you get people telling you to stop making duck faces in photos often?
Sitting in US history class, I'll b here for the next too 1/2 hours.. #saveme #shouldbefun
You're right, you're always right.
Wow 50 followers yay!
USER funny when Dermot says to you about 3 days into the course "0h is your boyfriend a manager lol
No more dwelling on my fears.
Time for soccer practice, so much fun! #mycoachsucks #welearnthesameoldsameold #hopeitmightbedifferent #foronce
Wow algebra is the best way to start off my day..
Can never find anything in the morning #bestdayever
Believe both kids have roseola. Well Adyson definitely has it, but unsure of whether Caleb does. He acts like it. #gnabeafunweekend
When I stop responding, it means you aren't worth anymore of my time. It doesn't mean you win.
USER ov in nederland is overall om team effort huilen :s
USER shaking in my boots already Sir Young ;)
Nothing like a little social science to start off my Friday morning!
No phone all day until now & no texts from him.. Yeaah, isn't this just a great day! #him #thissucks #really
Your relationship just ended which means your life ended too!
USER thanks Brit!
When hotsauce calls me pissed!
i'm laughing cause he's trying way too hard. :L #thexfactorau
First trip of the season to King Power stadium tonight!!
USER on repeat
It's extremely difficult to hold back the flow of feelings now.. More for Pisces URL
No really. I can sleep quite well while I'm upset. #gunnabealongnight
Made it to my 8am! Professor didn't. #awesome
Unexpected finding shows climate change complexities in soil URL
Could this mean the end of USER 's pottery barn? Say it am not so!
Then i turned to 32(actual "usa" channel) & its frozen on a scene from Couples Retreat ..tf ?!?
Just testing this Avi quickly.
Jake is pretty picky about his pears.. but don't worry, there are a few left for you at Cottin's Hardware.. URL
I feel so loved -.-
my dreams are so f'ed upp
Hey, thanks so much!:) #likeyoucare #youprobablydontevenrealizethistweetisaboutyou
The second new picture of #Tecna from the season five Photo Gallery! URL #WinxClub
no one's in my homeroom fml.
Every artistic and media endeavor in history has been unabashedly chauvinistic in nature because each was made by ignorant men.
If I know more than you, then your in big trouble. #Painful #FactsAboutMe
#SpongebobEpisodeIllNeverForget when spongebob was a comedian & kept talking about sandy lol
ilet dhese hoes think what thy wonna
The Ghetto word of the day: Bishop. My girlfriend fell down, so I picked that bishop.
USER smoking weed is not cool anymore doee only not popular kids do it now .. .-.
Would you use this,,I will via URL URL
ah the elephants are awake upstairs. fantastic
it's been a great day today!
USER #lovesick will sound amazing blasted out of my new speakers! :D
USER You never check your twitter that I made for you! #SadTweet
Alriight, pumpin' iron tomorrow!
USER are you working tn?
S/O to USER for the dm
USER Omg. I forgot about fitness Friday! I can't miss that. #soexited #yay
USER That's what most people do opening of college footbal.
USER Dan, do you think Jason Tuck or that Paul Pierre kid make the Giants roster?
Real shit i'm really fucking real, like, really .
USER yes fuck this class were using our phones and doing crap
This fall and winter half to balance out the girl, hockey and work #challengeacepted
USER they are the best!
USER USER USER your town you guys decide and I will be there. What day did we decide?
USER *touches her hand that is in her stomach*
Love how he texts me on his own. #Subtweet ??
USER oh, defiantly! Even though I know how much fun you had.
USER thanks for the follow guys :)x
Quite shocked Charlie Adam is off to Stoke, what a wonderful career he had at Liverpool
USER so you're telling me he won't make his big league debut this year? #stroman
If someone seems erratic to you today, remember that you're th.. More for Libra URL
double p.e now, loving life.
Nothing like getting stuck babysitting! You get to watch the Disney channel all day!
Here's Our Strictly Abdominal Bench. An innovation In Fitness Equipment! URL
i just want someone to spoon me as we watch at #studioghibli movie..is that so hard to ask?! #yesitis #singlegirlprobs
I think I drink too much last night because I did not feel like getting up for work!!
USER don't call that # back
USER lol! Can't wait to read the complaints of how you need more sleep.in case you can't tell, yes that is
USER okay thanks?
Have a headache. I'm all sweaty. Car broke down. Super tired. #greatday
don't think this night could have gone any better
My heart is so cold, icant find no Love here .
USER :) but my eyes hurt so I'm hittin the #pillow
You know it's going to be a log day when breakfast goes wrong. GET ME OUT OF THIS PLACE!
My bed is love right now >> #exhausted
USER USER USER Since it's "Pile On" Brian Day"..it should have been "you're". #JustSayin
I love waiting in long lines for a parking permit #blinnsucks
Whoo i love having 8 am classes every morning!!
Yeah my thumb's fine thanks mum and I'm so happy that you feel going for a walk is more important than preparing me for sixth form.
"USER USER oh piss of you piece is shit" <she's lovely to me isn't she??
If I knew we were going to end like this I wouldn't of told you my secrets,
I would love to punch every person speaking at the #RNC in the face
The Nissan URL
Yayy I have my English class from 9:00 to 12:30 today! This is going to be FUN! ?
Awake and getting ready for school.Don't you jut all want my life
Shawty dance like a video vixen
I think I need to watch what I say a little more #alwayswrong
can't wait too get all sweaty in school ?
*3 people sitting out front of the school* Dad: there's a lot of kids in the morning. Me: yeah, more than the population of Africa!
Head is still pounding.. Work is going to be great
please jump up and down more. it's soothing and makes it easier to sleep. #reallystopmoving by 11pm preferably.
USER I need you ready for the season ..I knoyou allll go make some noise and shut theses haters up
USER You are too funny sometimes. I just can't take it..
I love plans that never happen. . Need to find something to do!
What!! Qua go head family lol
Time for a 3 hour class. #YAY
feeling wired.
This night keeps getting better & better! ?
Love waking up to dig puke piles in the morning! #loveit
USER my head..
awesome way to start my day..
love it when USER falls asleep on me. yeyeye that one, prick.
USER you must be a redneck if your twitter profile picture is you with a cowboy hat on.. #fakes
So I finish work and I'm wide awake.. \o/ yayy
No. Sitting in a full waiting room, wearing a three sizes too big hospital gown isn't the worst thing to happen to me today.
LOL, you're not ignoring me tho? silly boy. ?
By definition, grace cannot be earned, yet I constantly try to earn it like grace is mine to take and God still lovingly graces me.
He said it was a one night stand but the alcohol didn't let her understand..
over 650 incoming international freshman to binghamton.. #cantwait
"USER is my natural #defense to fucking retards." Mhmm That's some real shit!
Watching Jeb Bush defend his little brother.. How sweet!
Tomorrow night should be fun..
$elr - spdr dow stock analysis - day trading option - URL
Bday at school. Just what i was hoping for.
South Phoenix always keeps it classy
USER *SPOILER* No she was naked when they kissed at the beginning, but wearing a shirt when they were talking..
Who wants to come over?
USER Klh breakfast in bed :p
I feel like I haven't mentioned my birthday much? #soz
Expecting a call any minute now, telling me that quite pathetic really wants to sign me!! #QPhaha
I love when people unfollow me because I voice my own personal opinion on my own fucking account. Makes sense..
Some just can't see beyond the flesh and it's do funny #affairsoftheheart
USER you almost had me on that one before you said NOT
Whoever voted for Rob Ford as mayor must be so very happy with our city how our city is being represented be him & his family.
really looking forward to dressing up tonight
thanks for ditching me today, proper good friends you are, glad to have you
USER USER USER #obsessed man you are don't need anyone anyway, especially not a ball winner #yecuntye
USER yuup. live is good :( jk
"USER USER i'm going to need some RAZHAE PUSSY this year"no Ian
I'll just kill you with kindness ..
?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? ?? -- ?? ?? #Hadith
Helicopter view of the bombed-out Northwest Community Hospital.
Everyone ready for school? Me either..
Yay. This hypebeast is sitting next to me -__-
USER It's also my first time! Hehehe! I'm very eager to explore that places! Heh!
Tropical Storm Isaac now upgraded to Hurricane Isaac.
The amount of people that texted me today is unreal
Waiting at the shuttle stop to go work out and this lady blows a huge puff of smoke right in front of me #felt good
absolutely buzzing for this shift tonight ?? #nochance
USER you come back aggy weren't an insult, just must be frustrating that you never spend any money
USER USER that's right Beth come into GNC and walk right out again !!
USER good work di rmh knpe?
Just realized I can't go north to 83..Horay for the Grand Prix
hahaha. I've never been more amazed in my life.. USER ?
"the tv's are going to make us dumb" "too late" ??
USER yeah it has nothing to do with the jaw dropping runs or the fact that at running back he was the Detroit Lions for a decade.
The history of roman literature is so interesting.. #boring
the amount of times i've watched the dark knight is uncountable..
Throwing subs at myself USER #selfsub
I can't imagine why you can't keep a boyfriend.
It's so great that Steam Greenlight is happening, because as you know, Steam is totally the only way you can buy games!!
Ugly bitches who are bitches should stop that shit.
Where the hell is my mail!
haha naa, i know tons of people who love them too^_^ "USER USER I thought I was the only one!!"
LOL getting called uneducated by someone who can't spell 'sense' or 'sentence' #ohdear
lmfaoo bloke mee from twitter really ?? lmfaoo this is why i only like having too friend .. :D
USER they need funding for the fourth game, every penny counts XD
USER Where's the vodka slush at?!?!
Hope I don't have a concussion ?that would just top this good morning off
USER Just collected my twin sisters' pension #fuckbitchesgetmoney
Nutella is my weakness
In a shocking upset it rained today at grove city college
I'll find a way to get to youu ' ?
USER ?? ??
Thanks sir bob russel mp of colchester for my LATE birthday card :)
Spending my day cleaning and going through my room #exciting #not
are you calling me? are you trying to get through? are you reaching out for me? like i'm reaching out for you<3.. #beautiful #eminem
USER your too sweet, honestly
they cancelled Jersey Shore? wow, what am I going to do now?
"USER Wow wee. Great decision "dont hold back #nofinesinbushleague!
USER USER // Well, I do not swing that way soo.not me. ;)
Hmm what to work on today.. I HI or EE? They both sound like oh so much fun!
So exhausted. It was tough only having one class today.
I officialy hate my life. And my schedule.
Bend over and work that body.. 6:30 6:30 ;)
yeah type the source on the picture because its easier then just put it in the source bar
Thresh is the best
Uwe Reinhardt: No consensus on ideal physician-population ratio in US. Same story in Canada/QC? URL
I'm so glad I set my alarm correctly, woke up on time, and didn't have to jump straight out of bed and run to class. #imdumb
Love it when thunder wakes me up at 830
Awesome someone stole my headphones.. Man I love holt
Just one of the traits that I got from him. At di ako pinababayaan nice game tatay knock out promise. :") #kilig
Tuesday you are mighty fine!! #love
Icha, tanjungpinang #VoteJustinCrewINDO #CreativeDiscStarRadioPDGRunTheWOrld8th *5
USER well anyways ..Its a cutepicturec :-)
Saw one direction notebooks they were wide ruled i pouted and about five star
Yo you write that new song yet? USER
Time to go to my 9:45 physics lab! Woo!
Absolutely PERFECT time to have a fire alarm
I'm happy I hope parents don't kill it.
#cheeky from USER about #Romney and the #GOP: URL
USER right because i twitter stalyoued u and purposly tweeted tbecawant touz i wanna be just like you
USER i don't see how ?
A mini bottle of this in your purse does wonders on a day like today #FrizzyHair #MoroccanOil #RainRainGoAway URL
I love feeling like I'm being lied to. it's my faav!
What is this? Massive jam at CTE towards town and I see two ambulances!!
West Ham with Carlton Cole and Carrol up front. Going to be some free flowing footbal this season then
"I'm sweating like a pedophile in a playground" -new favorite phrase of Luis. You can't imagine how thrilled I am by this
Texas road house. Where winners are born. #shitlukesays.
I like getting ignored by people. Very mature of you.
your great USER i am so very happy you showed me too succedyourn ur program i have made $3259 ifor 4 weeks USER
Really need a fag but haven't got time??
Yay for an hour of half asleep!
Ta-ta%3A How Ratan rebuilt the house that JRD left him%20URL #respect
USER shower me with your pretty charms
Knew this would happen.
I love men that apologize and don't know why they've upset you in the first place, makes me smile to know you listened and adjusted
Every 3 year old needs a Facebook or a Twitter. Because they really care about that. #stupid
Thanks for telling us the class catalogue was finally up for download four days before school starts. #ohwait #slc
My phone falls on the floor & i get a text. Not sure if i want to pick it up #lazyproblem
USER my phone off :(
Apparently clarification is needed. I don't "subtweet" about individuals unless you're my mother or the Westboro Baptist Church. #imnot5
Cant wait too sunday
Got absolutely tons of work to do for sixth form today.. Yay..
Safety issues with helminthic therapy URL
USER good seeing you last night. haha
Why did they have to put a yoyos on campus..?
I love the sight of media trucks rolling up to campus on a Friday morning #letsflipthem
USER bu but but i thought bendtner was the only one striker available on the market, that's why marotta want to sign him
Wow what a great day
review of Bose Triport headphones URL
USER haha should have included a hashtag
#10TurnOns Well.ya got to turn on the lights,tv,stove,shower,microwave,sink,Ac,radio..and so on..
"USER How the drug war is bankrupting higher education #Shadow2012 URL thank you pot smokers? #stupid
USER No interested anyway.
USER oh maybe cause you two live together now .. ?? just maybe #imgladforyou #getitin #jkew
Lol my brother wanted to go outside my mama tol him to do his homwork and read the bible hahaha
Getting so sick I hate this
"USER -_- RT USER USER work on getting off these nuts" lmao
USER i told you it was the administrator account! #FAIL
USER it was a joke.. ?
Dear Arkansas, could you possible make it even hotter?
AHA :) Niggas Had Too Sit They Ass In The Frount :)
Wondering if 2's would fit my car
Please send me more invites to get the dislike button. The first 500 were clearly not enough.
Cracked the front screen of my phone today, good thing is now it matches the back
She ready to minglee . . . .hahahaa >> guys follow her --> USER
Come out, join the fun in the rain & support your hornet 9th grade footbal team! ??
Don't pay attention to this tweet, I'm standing alone in public so I'm doing this to make it look like I'm texting.
USER keep doing this hash tag #voteonedirection and they will win :P
"You're like an Indian summer in the middle of winter, like a hard candy with a surrprise center." - USER #oldbutgood
USER oh. Wonderful #unhealthy
Don't you just love waking up early
USER Wouldn't you be afraid of getting a disease
USER Only of you do it without your pants on ;)
Long bus rides! ?? .
USER and intoxicated!! #winning love you hahaha :)
USER USER Dutchess county fair is not in Syracuse. It's in rhinebeck ny.
USER i am tryna ball witchu my dude
I appreciate being woke up this morning lord. It's a blessing
so, the republicans getting interviewed on TV. They seem like reasonable, intelligent people.
Home sick with Nevy. ass hole the joys of being a single parent. It's not like I have bills to pay or anything..
USER and the clip of this song is making me cry. just brilliant. #HAPPYBIRTHDAYABEAUTIFULIE
You MUST pick a side!! RT USER I don't root for anyone. I root for the USA. I look at all the data and then I make a decision.
Throwing ice at people because they need to chill.!
Hah , Thats funny. #Annoyed #GrowUp
Ahh what a great start to a day..
Did not start the morning the way I planned.
Gotta love meetings really early in the morning.
Things seem to be getting better today, but the final outcome .. More for Virgo URL
USER oh my! That sounds like a rough day indeed Only bustin your chops, I understand!
Stainless steel appliances look sleek & modern.. but they're fingerprint magnets! How do you deal with the smudges? URL
USER cheers for uploading those pictures sammy boy!
Ima Genie in a bottle baby! Your wish is my command! Lmao..
USER HAHAHA. that's greenup county for you! great comeback.
That's not creepy at all
Spinners games are not fun when theyr with my fam.. quality start to the long weekend
USER this is the GOAT "its my new shirt" URL
Cancer is a disease that involves uncontrolled mitosis. Hopefully, researchers will eventually learn how to turn .. URL
Thought I was going to go to bed an hour ago. Instead, I'm in the ER waiting for USER to get a staple removed from her thumb. Sweet.
Can't wait to sit through 6 hours of lab tonight! ?
The midnight beast yeah you wott
6 different outfits in one music video it can only be Taylor Swift!! love we are never ever getting back together
What should I eat for dinner? I mean Newton has so many great choices
well don't you seem friendly
A thousand years RT USER #TJL3 ".. All of my doubt suddenly goes away somehow.." Clue: breakingdawn.
Goodnight Mama.?? I love you & miss you so much.? I wish you were here, but I'm staying strong for you.? Sweet dreams, see you soon.?7?
On my way to Cali with my momma. She is playing 70s music. -__-
Time to sleep I suppose,because my body doesn't lye down and do nothing enough anyways. #sweetdreams
Tee time at 8. #yay
I need a better bag to carry everything in. I guess because I'm now an adult so I have to do silly things like business paperwork and taxes. Boo.
USER shocker! Tony Gale predicts a definate liverpool win! #afc
#Voteonedirection!
oh no jersey shore is over i can't contain my tears #thatshowwasawful
USER USER pay attention in class and quit tweeting. This guy is the man and accounting is so interesting
"Biden is the intellect of the democratic party" -Clint Eastwood #bidenisanidiot #RomneyRyan2012
USER when I tune in now I have no clue what's going on lol
USER hank finally finding out the truth
Poor USER - Fox News canceled all of her interviews yesterday and she's miffed! [total blank stare].
USER when my parents get back
Fantastic piece of goalkeeping from Pepe Reina again
"USER I'm so proud of our graduating class. " YES!!
USER and I during bleacher mania >>
Love going to work and being sent home after two hours
Tell me what you know about dreamin' dreamin'..
Really looking forward to work later #mornings
USER close to 10,00 lovely people.
never thought USER and USER would be late #waiting
USER USER the red marks all over my thigh just weren't enough.
USER no problem beautiful xx<3
Of course our three day weekend would be full of rain
I love seeing Pretty People?
Walkin round dulenm mill and amusing myself highly by smacking my mums ass with a fly squatter hahahaha #sochildish
If you spend time at the smithy, you'll eventually need a set of flat bar tongs. These look nice: URL #homemadetools
I love when I see people using the elevator at the gym ?
Really excited about transfer deadline day
Yes, cleaning up trash was exactly how I wanted to start my day
spot on at least prog 1 RT USER 'Islam, the untold story' then the Paralympics. Comedy gold, all night long. #obviously
Going to enjoy listening to the same 5 songs on the radio on the way to Sudbury #fuck
Say thanks to the girl that fucked us up.
I went to Build A Bear yesterday to build myself a teddy & USER wasn't there to help ?
USER aw snug and warm! I'm in bed now with hot water bottle and two purring cats! Sleep well! ?
Oh so that's how you brew beer, thanks Sapporo! #dumbcommercial
"USER One more from pregame..the Captains have a chat (Jeter and Christie): URL
Just looking at my Chrome search bar history. I've googled some weird shit
#i10 shutdown est and west lanes due to a 18 wheeler turning over and leakin diesel..dat driver must have been sleepy as fucc!
School today! YAY! at its finest.
You stole my happy, you made me cry, took the lonely and took me for a ride.
@ me though RT USER Man, remember when everyone was all "Im doing Insanity" and after about two weeks we aint heard shit back from them?
My room is freezing
USER USER i want it!! I need it!! xx
I just ousted USER as the mayor of Mie Tarik Laiker on USER URL
I moved from the couch to the bed. #ProductiveTweet
USER laughing out loud watching gay people is so inspiring!! again
Can't think of a better way to start off my day than with a 8am microbiology class
#septemberwish USER can follows me :) xx
USER maaybe! I'll have to keep on checking back :)
Wow..I can see you're really convicted. #notimpressed
USER feeling the love!!
13 users followed me and 5 users unfollowed me today (checked by URL [autotweet]
USER It's an early time. Westin in Spain.
So happy to just find out uoit decided to reschedule all my lectures and tutorials for me to night classes at the exact same times!
USER you must have exciting Christmas'!
Yea, sure. I'd love to do some heavy lifting up and downs some stairs in this heat
You have an innate sense of knowing when the emotional tides a.. More for Cancer URL
USER hey missy funny finding you here ^_^ hope all is well
Oh yeah moody isn't packed at all, keep letting kids in please.
My husband has two days off from work.. We're spending it in the the hospital #yippe
Reminder for August 27th 2013: Stay in bed. Do NOT wake up until the 28th -/ In love with this beautiful (shitty) monday! #theend
By showing the hand sign, it means that she is strong and brave enough to hold the oxygen pump and do all by URL
Thank you for the input, I'll take it to heart ! ?
I get to go to my brothers soccer game #yay just what I wanted to do today ?
USER and he'll place a rose by your bedside every morning
USER USER he he he! This is going to be fun! My dads slippers it is!
USER yes USER is a vile anti-Israel journalist, but is he worse than the others from the newsweeklies? karon? Dickey?
Rule 1 #Carnival Don't expect to stay with your group, it won't happen Just say you only live once and hope for the best USER USER
#WaysToIrritateMe clapping! I hate that sound with a passion ?? ??
USER It'll be a great, modern console with awesome AA titles. Families will flock to replace their completely useful Wii
We live in a world where losing your phone is more dramatic than losing your virginity.
USER Okay:D I don't know if I can catch up with your speed because it's the first time I try to sub ^^ So there's nothing to do now?
Forgiveness pays off. Just takes patience. #comesofar URL
I wish I was cool and could smoke three cigarettes in my car before school starts. ??
Oh yeah.. You're really making an effort. -_-
USER laughing my fucking ass off I don't even know how to use it.. #retard
I really like it when I ask an important question &don't get an answer. I hope this keeps up I like it so much :)
USER You're such an inspiration for the youth of America #GodBlessYou
Gonna be another loong day #cantwait
oh, pls. don't you see the RT USER When Armstrong apologised to Indira Gandhi URL
USER not at all never they come out here. & lmaoo yupp! bit torrent i heard its fuckid thoughfck out there tho ?
That senior assembly really made my day. #sofun
Being forced to room with mother Teresa!! Yeayy! . #dontlikeyou
Locking your keys in your car at school is the best feeling in the entire world.
Windows Live Movie Maker takes so long to upload and save a video #worththewait #ithink
I think it's so cute when girls act dumb on purpose
USER wouldn't expect anything less from ya's, amped to hear the new banger soon!
Time to buy books, yayy.
Homeland Security campaign expands to sports URL
Days like these, they go by way too fast. Days like these you want to make em' last.
Watching a documentary on Islam, Miss Nash should totally be loving me right now #bestwoman #history #forlife
I #votebieber for the 2012 MTV #VMA #bing Most Share-Worthy Video! See who's in the lead and tweet your vote: URL fjdh
I need to find something to do with this for hour gap between classes. Rec center, maybe?
Dressing up as a tree and standing in the forest and scaring joggers that run by..#YOLO
USER :O </3 I do ! but i am a #Belieber & #Directioner <3
USER I love youu, my favourite blonde British actor:-)
Kudos to Dodge for making quality cars.. #brokencaragain #pissed
I think USER needs to read this New York Times Editorial => Mr. Romney Reinvents History URL
How to plan a succesful sales conference or meeting: URL
I have the wonderful pleasure of going to money joes today. Yay me!
The smell of freshly washed clothes is actually the best
side note: i look fresh to deathh with my new dress and purse #LSP
Yeah mom and dad. I love you too #thanksforhatingme
"USER I think this girl is mad and was subtweetig me yesterday lol" don't you just love it when that happens lol
USER I'm looking forward to getting you trashed
#SeptemberWish sana pumunta dito ang ONE DIRECTION!! :))x
So today I'm sporting the 'dragged through a hedge backwards' look - I think I pull it of
Photo: My dream car. (Taken with Instagram at SMART Technologies) URL
Hey sexy Asian girl.
Cant wait to show up to school with my car pool tomorrow.He's a freshmen
I just love freaking being ignored and not texted back. 3 people ignored me today 3! I love it it always makes my day.
Love seeing Tyler's mates in the gym
Yay for an 8am class on Friday.
Tonight, after they played their new single, Dave had them play "How You Like Me Now?" again. Cool. USER USER
USER I miss you even more, if you're free tomorrow night , get your ass to woking. #keepcalmandskankout
Call me a masochist, but I really wish my classes were harder. I cant wait for cellular microbiology and ethnobotany next semester
i wish i could be an attention whore like you. #ifonlyyouknew
"he looked like a potato shoved into jeans" An example of songwriting at its finest.
So you know its real,
USER after last night I feel much closer to you because I talked to you like I talk to own Ships
I swear Ashley is such a sweet cutey?
Fina hit his people up got to make sure sstraightstr8 bbl
Without a Woman : Trey Songz <33
USER so I guess you Xhosas have so much love for each other! Goofor 4 u..!
Mr. Nix and Ms. Outzes are my favorite teachers. #shitnobodysays
USER your so bad for saying hell, it doesn't make you look likea fag either
Almost want to finish my homework~
USER :-( well take it easy
Bloody chuffed with todays purchases.
Im glad I pay a shit ton of money to come to this school and do absolutely nothing all day. #broke
Applying to schools; $115.0 just to apply? Sure I have nothing better to spend that money on ..
USER Ah..maybe I missed the earlier?
Ahh it makes me feel really special and loved when you don't text me back! >.<
Um trynna go sethatat new movie possesion todaythatlittle lil white bitch look crazy as hell
USER giggle out loud drh sy A, prnh donor, me so horny aja klo msh bth mumpung lg off
USER USER USER told ya, really think that he will get a cheeky win, something ridiculous like 2nd rd tko ! going to be fireworks !
So I'm going shopping with the mother & sisters this morning..Wo!
Those rocks really intimidated us?
Yay. School. If you could only see the joy on my face.
Free condoms and lube #yippe #alwaysfuninthemorning
whAt do you mean ?
USER He seems a really nice guy
Something big is going to happen today and my horoscope just told me to go through with it. #uhoh
out of team avatar, I think I would have sex with every single one of them URL
I love the fact my neighbors decided to move all their furniture at this time at night
#JerseyShore is ending. You mean I won't be able to watch over paid snotty party animals anymore USER USER
I love it when you put your hand in my face while you sleep :)
Oh wait, he takes the garbage out, my bad. #mrwonderful
Yeah of course play some bass guitar when I'm lying in bed with a head ache. Thanks :)
Ah only too full years to wait until I can start college, not long at all!
USER she isnt fat guys
"USER Thank you USER We're going to miss you!! USER URL cute last day moments :)
Can't sleep thinking too much been single for the longest time maybe it's time..
16 users followed me and for users unfollowed me today (checked by URL [autotweet]
USER You should get to a gym or something, you're looking a bit scrawny there Dwayne! #Dontbeatmeup
Gotta hand it to Apple, the kernel panic screen looks AMAZING on Retina #actuallyquitepisedof #itkeepshapening
The next time someone says, "There are no good #jobs on #Craigslist" send them this: URL
A Dramatic Resuscitation: A 1907 Hospital Turned Home - Home & Delicious: Imagine an old fisherman's hospital .. URL
Is everyone as excited about the #GOP and #Democrat conventions as I am?!? #serioussarcasm #deepyawningmawofsarcam
sarcasm Don't you just love it when people change?
I love when my A/C decides to start making high pitch screeching noises in the middle of the night. Didn't scare me at all #wth
Why havent any of you threatened VDV wife yet? I want to see VDV shirts burned? Wheres the fucking abuse to Rafa? #Arsenal
Everytime I see a ups truck I think he got the birdzandnthea bak!!
Aquatic hues for your little #princess. The Disney Princess collection, now at 50% off. Only at the #Spaces #Sale. URL
Found this sticker on Conner. Hilarious! #TwinklesTheClownThinksImSpecial #Hilarious #BestStickerEver URL
USER nope!
USER awoo I'm shitting it. Reply to my whatsapp babe #rejected
oh great the suns out
If my dad had just LET me be an athlete ..life would be so much easier .
USER I will punch you in the face if they do! ?? #notajokingmatter
USER its the opposite of what King said "judge not by the color of skin, but by content of their character".
USER Yup,I reckon so. Halfway through S02 at the moment, 3 and for in the pipelines.
When I come in at 5am I don't expect to me doing my duties on top of closing shifts duties.. #thanksforthehelp
they need too more likes c'monn URL
Aww :"> Cutie pie emoticons. Hihi :D ??
Polka dots and gold glitter specs =] ? URL
So glad my first time ever going to the beach will be when I go to boot camp.
now i got a bad headache!
Not enjoying being single as much now tbh
Hate people that judge you before they even get to know you
Thought getting up at half 8 today was bad, well then I can't wait to get back to half 6 mornings next week #school
USER Awee I miss you too! c:
I'm tryna see the other side that she hides with her eyes.. #MovingCool.X.Es
Some peopyoue u know for a very short period and just #Click with them, otyouers u know for lifetime and never get along with #life
First day of school. #yay
USER oh yeah because last time we had this weather there was an earthquake -_-
Correction. THE Messiah! RT USER Wow! Mitt is a messiah #RNC2012
Ok so today Was good until after school Which sucked because I do cc and it's like 100 degrees out & a bunch of other crap #funday
I love being talked to like a dog!
No Mom. I don't want to do your errands -_-
Having a driving license without a car is the best
USER you rock!! I'm so out of it. I never pay attention.
Motocross - No seatbelts. No roll cages. Just balls.
Girls like the #bottlegirl clearly have no self respect. Bet her mommy and daddy are proud! #idiots #Smh
USER USER there is strength in numbers xx
Nippines will get you far un life #lol
Fire alarm. One in the morning. It's raining. i'm going to jump the bitch that burnt her popcorn #Dumbass
Great way to start the morning by dumping makeup all over myself! #wooho
Having chemistry ever day is going to be so much fun! ?
USER No worry nau. I will be back.. You won't even rmbr that I left USER
USER I've got girl friends to take of that, they become generous sometimes to impress me lol
I mind this time last year when I was loving my driving lessons and couldn't wait to pass my test. Now I hate driving!
It's the double standards that don't work for me
The models that they use on the #Asos runway look drunk. Where'd they learn how to walk? Stand up straight girlfriend
You're all so considerate. It's crazy.
Keep connected with us online! Here's how! URL
I'm so ready to get off and sit on my butt for the rest of the day..
I wish I smoked, maybe then I'd look as cool as you.
you know what a great feeling is? getting the exfoliating beads from face wash in your eye. #ilooklikeihavepinkeye
I agree with this 100% URL
Oh how I love those jerks out there!! #idiot #daymaker
USER I don't see anything wrong with this. High quality journalism. #thingssnokiwouldwriteabout
Why should I give a dam to it!
The Apple jury foreman on how the case was decided, via Bloomberg. Fascinating, and room for debate. URL
I want to go to a Mac Miller concert so bad! nobody understands my love for him!<3
I hate Twitter!
Anyone else want to let me know they got a Cardiff ticket, that would be fantastic thanks..
Just another original apple invention. A notification shade. Where do they come up with this stuff. URL
USER goodluck for AMOROSA.. congratz kc pumayag see mam lysa to be your date! Aww! So sweet:)
Thanks a lot, Hotmail, for blocking me from my own account. So helpful!
I'm half awake and I'm working on my hmwk. Whoo!
happy birthday USER ?? #beer
I love spending loads of time with my family!
Ready for classes tomorrow
First AP Calc homework of the year #yay
, Lls RayRay Got Cauqht in the Rain .
is not easily relayed in #writing. At any rate, it has no place in #BusinessWriting. URL
USER aww thats good. Ill textyouu later and we could catch up :)
Haha so yesterday, I debated with Kevin about a candy that's called "MoreFlavor" but I said it was a Starbursts. It looked like one o.0
And get out the house
But anyway, onwards and upwards. #COYS
Please everyone post a picture of opening ceremony to Facebook.
USER USER USER USER I only have one thing to tell all you boys for tonight.#maytheforcebewithyou
USER Thaanks! See you later!
Good start to college #fuck URL
Don't you just love a flat tyre in the morning
The GOP is really dry-humping the minorities this year. #GOP2012 #RNC12
Yeah this whole not sleeping thing is a blast
You're such a good friend
USER Its party central over here in H-burg.
USER thanks for keeping it simple because I'm really stupid.. #insulted #notawildroser #liedtoagain #albertapc #ableg
The USER have been rolling lately.. That trade is looking really good right now.
I love how too of the most disrespectful girls on the team are captains! Just Love It :) #Disrepectful
Watching babies come out of vaginas is the perfect way to start a Friday morning. #NursingSchoolProblems
So excited about tomorrow? I guess it just that hyper side of me kicking in??
Great singing in jay spearing! Promotion here we come #shitsigning #uglycunt #deadlineday
This boy's parents must be so proud of him right now. #TwentySomethings #tcot #tlot #election2012 URL
USER oh, lol. I was thinking it was some sort of drinking game.
USER laughing out loud *phew* well as long as you're all right with me then I'm still #winning hahaha :P
USER alright thats cool
We now have in stock the Norman Hyde Center Stand for the Scrambler!! URL
ha, and here I thought you actually wanted to be with me. well damn..I guess "I" wasn't trying enough. #ohwell
Graphics and maths next - yay!
Playing call of duty on the last day of summer vacation. Now this my friends, is living.
Learning to delete all the files on a flash drive! Woo!
Clearly devastated I missed R.I.O at Leeds
I just love being called & woken up at 830am, after having been asleep only an hour, & screamed at by both my parents. So fun.
First Quarter Browns' grades URL via USER
USER Just read that Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York is delivering the closing prayer of the DNC.
I'm such a genius that I think 13+15=27. It does right? #imanidiot
Oh this car ride with big d dalton & alexa will be just awesome.. ha
Well I'm glad there's no calories in my water.. I was worried! . URL
Listening to Sail by AWOLNATION #nowplaying URL
My daily commute has increased by 125%. #FML
struggled for 45 minutes this morning to find my silver jacks & come to find out, they're too and half hours away.. #greaat
The last scene in Scarface is AWESOME!
Agreed. Too much hype for a rook who hasn't played one snap in the regular season yet. RT USER for a rookie QB. #EaglesFans
#WaysToIrritateMe people who make noises when they eat
Oh Great, another shooting, Thank you #NRA for these #Guns to Protect ourselves
Udinese away looks tempting! #EuropeanAway
Griffin beggin me to keep texting him>>
See what I mean about the screen? crazy shit.
Yeah I love when my girlfriend runs off and hugs some hot girl I don't know.
Well. That's a good way to end this great day.
Need more free twitter followers? Visit URL I just got followed #followngain 1
Fun day at work lmfao
It feels great to know my car is on E and gas is for bucks a gallon #not #crying
Exciting stuff happening on transfer deadline day in the SPL URL
Take a peak at yesterday's post. The Only One For Me - URL #togs #mountains
RIP Chris Lighty and prayers to his family/friends
people think i am somewhat mental, they don't know i am very sentimental
Planning a holiday this year? Whether you're looking for a romantic escape with your partner, a party weekend. URL
USER Accounting Information Systems. What a hoot!
Tomorrows going to be a gutsy day-- lets get some sleep shall we? goodnite/morning? #cantwait
Can't wait to wake up early to babysit!
What a great fucking day
"USER You know what I like to do? Answer my own questions." USER
We taking it to the southside tonight The Palace
Where is the franchise mode in madden ?
USER beautiful city scape, nicely done!! ?
I dedicate this link to USER USER & USER - URL (thanks to USER )
Got the new iPad, too sick!!
Thank you God I Am Blessed.
Pictures of you with no shirt on on facebook? #classy
Lol at how I check the Stocks application pretty much everyday but have no idea what any of it meanss.
Can already tell this is going to be a wonderful senior year #SENIOR2013
I #voteonedirection for the 2012 MTV #VMA #bing Most Share-Worthy Video! See who's in the lead and tweet your vote: URL
Darn it, I forgot to take pictures with trees today. #fbphotospeoplepost
Please continue enlightening me by repeating things that are common sense and pure logic.
Love is a beautiful thing that could leave an ugly scar
Kungfu panda ciee --> RT USER Waiki opo -_- RT Andinedam: mirip afika ? -__- RT USER (cont) URL
Vilmos Zsigmond, ASC shooting with the #F65 8K Digital Motion Picture Camera URL via USER cc: USER USER
Liverpool with USER tomorrow, I'm going to get spoilt. #asalways
Can't wait to go to class today #nobueno
My ob is just so fucking helpful it isnt funny!
Being This Sick Is Definately How I Was To Spend My Day. #IdRatherBeAtSchool
Story of my life. URL
Nice to see Bobby Jindal not using a life-threatening storm as a platform to advance the GOP cause. #DickMove
USER and what's that good thing?? Congrats!! lols
No class on Fridays ? #ImComingHome
USER USER how VERY dare you!
You would piss me off before my game. #thanks
Wow! USER Thanks for the option of high speed internet at $5 a month or 6 months free to save $0.30 depending on the plan.
So its 5:48 and i am feeling liki amim going to be sick. #yay
"USER Abstinence-only sex ed dominates in state with highest teen pregnancy URL Seems to be working
suductive? "USER Girls are the sexiest with short hair. "
USER you ditched govt! Its boring!! We got new groups by the way! #youlloveyours
Hey at least theres a nice breeze to blow around the hot and humid air. #sweatytweet
USER USER what are you all talking about? this class is so awesome, I get here early.
I forgot how interesting and amusing twitter was..
When I don't feel good I can't cranky and bitchy
"USER Lawdd why did me & Gary put a hole in my mama wall she gon kill us ??"?
This! (<3) RT USER I have learned to seek my happines by limiting my desires, rather than attempting to satisfy them
Hi world, did you know what happened to orang utan in indonesia forest? They've get burned by the indonesian citizen
I unlocked the Night Owl sticker on #GetGlueHD! URL
Attention seeking sluts<<unfolow
Fat girls smoking cigarettes are the most attractive type of people
its been a long time really *.* #yummy URL
Swollen lip. Thanks Ryan I appreciated bein battered with a torch
USER How's the play going :)
USER haha & I KNOW ME TOO! ??
Get these windows boarded uggh
I feel amazing right now
USER ooh that helped alott
Aw gutted she's took then big hoops out, I really thought they brought out the colour in her eyes
Already a great start to my day..
American Ruins (Hardcover): "American Ruins" is the first photography book to document historic ruins throughout.. URL
USER USER USER both cunts!
Well that was a brilliant attempt at sleep.
Wooho women's rights!! #RomneyRyan2012 #Obama2012
Love the doctors so much. . ?
USER #missyoualready #idontmeanit #goodbye #chicken
#ifunny #comedy #thecosbyshow #ravensimone #mynigga #humor #attitude #hilarious #funnymemes URL
Soo #housework #fun #yeah.. much?
the hippie dorm should be more obvious about their joints
Doctors: the only form of employment where you can never be fired for running late.. #waiting #lame
Or I could go for a jog but the thought just makes me tired and out of breathe
Hittin them sheets. GoodNight.
Marco Rubio! my heart goes pitter-pater. #RNC #GOP2012
Artec Textureline Texture Paste, 4-Ounce Jars (Pack of 2) Review URL #hairpaste
What a great night
I wish I were still in bed.
USER will you come to TAFE to visit me? It would make my day
If anyone has any local connections to the American Diabetes Association, I'd love to talk..thanks!
Haa see wash! RT USER USER the great white lord of the city of lagos
USER Surely Juventus are not big enough for the greatest footbaler the world has ever seen
Us freshies are fresher that the rest.. so watch our swagger. #actually #big #dorks #lol #whitest #group #of #freshman #ever
Condi authorized torture. Not rational either. RT: USER with regard to to the last question, just remembered Condi Rice. Anyone else?
Don't be a hard rock when you truely are a gem :-)
USER I just checked and it's playing right now locally. I think I'll check it out. Ü
USER I loove how celebs show so much tolerance and love
USER I really hope not. Even Hollywod wouldn't change a classic story beloved by millions. #vanityfair #countofmontecristo
USER "Democrat ?!?..more like DemoCRAP! " you and your caring about people, gays and pregnant women incl.. How silly!"
Directioners rule the world? I umm you spelled Beliebers wrong
i'd like to thank you for being a fake friend..
Eager to slim down? URL works perfect for just that
USER How many kids going to drown today: URL About 10 per day! #banpools #poolcompaniesprofitfromdeath
USER With our extensive preseason training schedule+regular consistency of selection I think we should have started better.
1mile 100 sqauts 100calf lifts 100 curlups 50 pushups 20 full stair climbs (1 stair climb = up and down once) we wll se homework lng ths lst
Yahoo: Davis impresses in Falcons' 24-14 loss to Jaguars (The Associated Press) URL
over ma dead body
She about to text yuh USER
Life is a nightmare
My anatomy teacher decided that its the first day so lets stay in class for the entire for hours.. awesome #elcamino
Fraction Sector 9 Skateboard Only R1880! URL
Apa motif you upload gambar result mid year exam,lepastu caption nya ' teruknya result aku' tak malu ke tunjuk result keep talking public? #Justsaying
ooh, you speeded pass a buss, you must feel real cool motercycle boii.
If you aren't old enough to vote I don't care to hear your scintillating political opinion. #stopwiththepseudointelligence
Apparently you don't want to talk to me
Why do men think humorous women can be their bestfriends? We (women) date humorous men!! #hopeless
Making dinner will definitely feel fun
I'm ending my summer off great sitting inside all day doing nothing ? lol
Day too of High School in the morning. Goodnight.(:
USER Oh he goin'.. He got arrested two days ago for havin' a firearm on him.. Not to mention he surrenders in Sept. for Taxes..
oh, I believe the game is seriously afoot now #cbb uk
Out of all the people to work with today..thank you, thank you so much
Two tests one right after the other.. #great ??
[It is] he that sitteth upon the circle of the earth, and the inhabitants thereof [are] as grasshop. URL
USER & you didn't think to invite Myles no? I see how it is :(
I've got front row seats to one of USER show at Youtube! Hooray!
Do you remember when the #Tories brought in Mary #QOS to sort out the high street. That was a succes wasnt it.
Way to blame me
It's the first day of senior year and I'm riding the bus to school #winning #stupidschool
Of course no one's going to RT or favorite my last tweet because everyone's a ghost follower and nobody EVER reads my tweets. D:
oh them gee! i've got my most favorite girls in the world in my stats class! agi am ama die from excitement :))
USER Hmm, so it's just like you and Shindou!!
Forgot to bring my headphones to the gym this morning, the music they play in this gym pumps me up so much! #badmusic
I really like walking around with todifferenceff color flops casue my mom packs mine and says their hers
Watch out everybody the padres are on a 8 game winning streak #playoffs?
$2 for the next two weeks. Life's awesome. #minimumwagefor3years
Thank you #ff "USER Thanks so much for follow USER USER USER USER USER USER .."
Can tomorrow just come faster? #please
USER USER If there is any proof or facts behind it, they have been covered up by the Illuminati
Hey USER walking past:D
Yeah let's just put all of my business in the open #Thanks
PerfectServe Launches Version 2.0 iPhone & Android Apps - Midland Daily News: PerfectServe .. URL URL
#ironic unreal bullshit megamega bullshits the biggest bullshit ever thati amall im writin take it personaly or take cup ofbritish tea
Is it 1:20 yett. Ready for the weekend
Miami Dolphins wide receiver Clyde Gates URL
#picstitch wee my babby ?? URL
Anit no question if I want it I need it!!
.USER Aeron 2012: The Lumbar Support the Middle Class Deserves
Good Night everybody! Make sure to contemplate about your entire existence before you sleep ^_^
This day just keeps getting better and better.
Best day ever . But let's make the best of the rest of it!
Well there are apps that can delete personal info and even send you location of the person using / send you their.. URL
USER Thanks so much Nick! Really appreciate the support!
USER about Doctrines on Racism, can i be given data about these facts? #CULT
USER I freaking love you lmao
That's cool I really needed to know that! I'm serious thank you for telling me!! ?
"Peace of mind comes from honest people looking into the face of God." #VictorBacon
USER awe ??
Hungry & I want drinks
It's a shame because our last name is the same, that blood type flowin through our veins is the same
2 users followed me and too users unfollowed me today (checked by URL [autotweet]
I laugh because all the girls that were my "suppose friends" are all up on him. That's just freaking awesome.
I love going to calculus.
I'm a very approachable a lovable person but for the love of your personal deity or lack there of don't talk to me while I'm peeing
Your not going to believe this but were on Facebook - check us out URL
i want to party '!
Hate to miss you..
The past two hours I've sat in a senior class being instructed what color is and how to open Indesign. I feel so enlightened.
USER Mhmm, maybe Theo will have a 30 goal season
Ugh today needs to be over!
Hell yee, some motherfucking fruity loops!
I can tell already work is going to be fabulous today !
Should be another grand day
Curiosity is going to broadcast a URL song on Mars? ARE YOU TRYING TO PROVOKE THEM OR WHAT, NASA?
USER I find it funny rather than offensive.
Injections are fun.
This weather is lovely I want to go to band camp so badly right now
I swear I feel so fat & lazy because of what i ate yesterday. This workout kickn my ass
Eating chocolate in the shower >>
USER yes. I wear them to work
Please keep ignoring me for all of senior year. It's not like we're friends with the exact same people. #thingsimiss #you
My hair was long assface ! URL
Class trip to USER . This is going to suck. #BestInTheWorld
downloading songs tonight, any recommendations?
O2 Foam Party Raave! POW
shout out to the #CrackHouse
USER URL
i saw satan laughing with delight the day the music died
"I'll pick you up at 7, I'll be the one flaring my nostrils uncontrollably"
Robs singing is beautiful!
This week long hotel stay might not be so bad
USER
War is never the answer. Unless the question is "What's never the answer?" #OneLove
In pax river Maryland for work. Could it get any better than this?
Indirect tweets are the best #sayittomyface
USER USER glad I left you all in charge! I mean look at all that you got accomplished that we actually needed done! ? ;)
I need to hurry up & leave ain tryna be behind no school buses
USER USER yeah that's why we haven't sold many season tickets! #Bendtnerthegreatwhitehope
Was invited to some sort of mixer with that cult my friend joined.. Asked if I could wear yoga pants & was declined so no. Not going.
PSV certainly had a difficult game tonight
when you get cheated on, the first thing you should do is take them on Jeremy Kyle.. obviously that's the logical solution
Fri 7 Sept: "Hasta la vista" - story of young men determined to enjoy life, who won't let their disabilities stop them! URL
all we wanted was a opportunity. JUST BLAZE, Lord Knows !
Can I have someone to hug now? I really cannot take it le!!
Finding that out made me SO happy
Melanie runs a succesful task analysis back to work programme, supporting and enabling injured staff to remain at work or return to work.
Iya bawahanta kick ass kdong haha USER Brarti bawahanku itu eh :p RT USER Terserah. Saya gubernur month pale haha "USER
All this AND the Europa League draw today! Ahh yeahh! #Couldn'tCareLess #ShitTournament
USER they only have that 16yr old striker, so they desperately need a striker, even if that is Chamakh lol
3 hours sleep woo #refreshed
"i'm a cupcake" - that was a harder to watch than the episode RT USER #breakingbad CONTAINS SPOILERS!! URL
This will be the hardest USER ever RT USER I've never been anywhere with fewer flat roads than Devon.
The difference between what you told me and the actual truth is just amazing. #pissedof
Yesterday, I was inexplicably humming the theme song from Cheers. Today, a Cheers shirt from Boston arrives from a friend. Must be ESP!
USER While I was stealing them, I was told it was okay because you guys had another bag #suckstosuck
I watched the food network channel like I cook lol
Today is just fan-freakin-tastic.
Please call your skinny self fat one more time. #youdontknowwhatfatis
The difference between when a guy does something wrong and when a girl does something wrong.. URL
Yelling at computer to record my Japanese homework #fuckthethinkpad #iusemac I quit Japanese for a reason USER URL
We need Mitt Romney running the UK. Magically going to cut taxes, cut deficit, create jobs, sort out energy and health. Amazing
Technology KKR to invest $1.27 billion in Japan's Renesas: Nikkei (Reuters): Share With F.. URL : URL
Oh damn, no more Jersey Shore. #Stupidshow #Cancelled
Asian hospital= discrimination ? psst :))
On the menu Today, a visit to USER to express my gratitude
Curled up in a ball, listening to slow and sad music..love spending my nights like this
USER #overrated everything is #overrated
What a fuckin niight. Time to go home a study #yay
USER thanks for responding to my tweet!
USER aww. :)
Thursdayy :D URL
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable?
So stressed and upset when I don't need to be
what to do todaay?. school work #woo
"USER Dang boy it smells -.-"lmao
Going to back to shithole parma senior high, cant wait to see all your shining faces.
You make it easier when life gets hard
Get to work on my last day in Appleton! #YeaahBudy
Williams-producers shut in more gas to Transco line due Isaac: NEW YORK Aug 27 (Reuters) - Williams because Inc on M.. URL
USER yeah same here
USER fair play
I need a holiday now more then I've ever needed on ..
I just love it when people don't text me back.
Worst decision I've ever made! #myparentsarerealwinners
Morning classes are my favesiess #voiceanddiction Good thing there's a French kid in my class to entertain me..
USER no, it's all right .. I love being second choice.
Failed physics.. What a shocker didn't see that coming
l oh any ewhyl y and bored. i also almost spelled lonely wrong been out of school too long /dies
3 hour car ride tomorrow, that's going to be great for my back
USER possibly a snippet
#BrooksBrothers #chubbies #Polo #TeamFollowBack #TeamFollowBack #TeamFollowBack #chubbies #chubbies #TeamFollowBack #ClassOf2013 #chubbie
I will never let another guy make me feel as horrible about myself as you did ?
"USER Abstinence-only sex ed dominates in state with highest teen pregnancy URL WOAH SHOCKER!!
Jermaine Jenas deal off. shame
Swimming with Mikey :)
Milton Keynes continue their trend of signing old, injury prone englishmen by nabbing Owen Hargraves #bbcfotbal
Feel like I'm going to pass out in the gym today, #lightheaded #horriblewekend
Sega Genesis > everything
Husband and wife singing tenor together..so sweet
Venus is playing so badly..
I always enjoy doctor appointments
To Trinidadians & Tobagonians at home and around the world, we join you in wishing a happy golden anniversary to.. URL
USER congratulations Nialler<3
USER Oh madoda! I miss his attacking style of play, exciting batsmen he was!
?had a good night time to shut it down shout out to j v for hooking me up with some cash flow
Can't wait until Friday when we get to wear our band uniforms in 90 degree weather ??
USER If we Was to get caroll. Do you think he'll be accepted due to the way his swerved us holding out for newC ??
Its a hot day in Boone, which means the class without ac is muggy, so why is this girl wearing long pants and a knit scarf? #makingmehotter
My days shot.. #ofcourse #yay #hownice
Have you entered OtterBox's Gameday Dance Contest? Hurry and get entered to win a Broncos' very important person package! URL
Almost got ran over today while crossing the street with the walk sign. I love people.
Well that was a big confidence booster! :p
USER USER Hey, it worked out really well with Pac Man Jones. You can't arguwithw/ results!
How to Be an Effective Single Father URL
i feel so happy and safe and loved and loving it's too much i can't handle it
Tips for Losing Weight at Home. Lose up to 8lbs in one week URL
You'll always be in my prayers. ?
Make sure you take a really long time to text me back.
2nd of day of class.bringing my pen this time-_-
USER USER USER #shocking i hope that was shown after 11pm
I'm too immature to be a senior
When she dishes up two plates and pretending the other one isn't herz 0_o..blacks around food!.lol #theBabyShower#
USER niall :) hbu?
Love when people don't reply to important messages
And I'm back to the real world of working a crapy job by day and being a musician by night. #livingthedream
USER haha yeah i was totally going to cool you off. =p
USER I i don't know yet, trying to get a rough idea of numbers before we book stuff but so far you're the only one that's replied :/
Who was a cute kid? This girl ?? URL
Ever think about something so much it makes you stomach sick? No? Oh it's just me.. #gunnabeagoday
The value of a Nation Brand via Business Information Review - URL
USER wow you followed me
No it's okay I like being the back up..
I bought me a Iron Man USB today. Yay! URL
Have you ever been so cool that the only way you know how to park your car is by backing it into a parking spot?
Soo excited to try to sleep with my back hurting #shouldbesoofun
Holy Hannah. This week is going to be just great.
USER at least your tried
Thank you, Mrs. Aust, for clearly explaining the lesson that your homework is on.
Lets all live life like a taylor swift album. Learn some serious life lessons.
USER I feel like people just naturally love bullshit. Seeriously.
And I need it REAL bad!! #LT
And so it begins: My lack of television = a blissful ignorance about all but the biggest names in the movie theaters. And I'm not entirely mad.
Oh man, super fun night last night.. #WoahPrettyCrazy USER USER USER
Whatta crazy ass last night! End of summer is going to go out with a bang!! ??
I don't care if it's preseason the Eagles are 4-0
#wikileaks UK: No Solution in Sight to Assange Standoff: Britain says no solution in sight to standoff with Ecua.. URL
woman in Lidl who is just like bobby from towie haha
just realised how soon school starts again. cannot wait
Antena 3 Are these claims the most reliable?? URL
USER - Roll on tomorrow :-/ #ahgad
Ever wanted to experience the Moulin Rouge in Paris? Take a look at today's blog: URL
8 am math classes are wonderful.
minva prnh di follback + di menttion MC favorite USER
USER USER ?
can't wait to listen to a presentation about the history of Culver Stockton
Luv walkin up 20 flights of stairs just too getoo 2 work. .
Only £72 for one Monday night next month in a London USER #bargain
That long ass good morning text from one of my followers > > > I can't stand her ass laughing out loud but it made me smile
USER we should! Do you remember what colors they were??
not every black man is a nigga or a nigro there are kaffirs too thats us alikho i nigga lakwa mkhize i kaffir lelo
i hate talkin when i wake up , just don't say shit to me for an hour or two then i'll be goolaughing out loudol .
LOL!! RT USER After sports, hash-tagging possibly best form of stress/frustration release.
Someone set a horse on fire intentionally. the fuck!
Thank god they cancelled classes today, this weather is far to dangerous to go outside..
Nicee to know you really care! :')
USER it was
jgh!! super haggard nice game face knock out -.- pagod kase ako ehh. pero masaya URL
USER psst gusto mo? :P URL
Oh my..Jersey Shore is on its last season..I think I need a tissue #ThankChrist lol
am so not talking to uyouagain! don't call me!!
USER i hear the career opportunities there are really good
Guess I'll study Art Appreciation some more & write my Ethics papers! Oh how fun!  
Your life seems to grow crazier today, as if everything hasn't.. More for Aries URL
USER he'll suit your footbaling style
I refuse to just settle for this! #notme #teamsuccesful
I love being mixed race :')
Lots of windshield time today,can't wait.
Getting dropped off at college sure makes me feel like an adult ?
I'm about to be knocked tf out.
Seriously today is going to kick my butt. Not feeling good and I have to sit through a tuesday schedule.. #soofun
USER Of course I get a virus right before we go back! Just pretty sick that's all:/ I hope you're not on crutches or anything..
USER in my humble opinion it's better than the louvre. Better layout, more of the stuff I love. So glad you're getting to take it in!
so we trend #DirectionersLoveBeliebers and they trend #BeliebersHateDirectioners .. what a lovely fanbase they have there.
USER at least its nice outside
USER USER tall cause then I can develop my shot
USER I texted anyway
its amazing how much i cant stand edinboro and its professors right now #itsgonnabeagodyear
USER followed! Xoxoxox
Can't even go to class today So Devastated
nothing boosts your self esteem more than knowing that a baby has more money in her beats by dre than you do period. #BlueIvy
That woman on Jeremy Kyle would so get it
Fried salmon. What other ways to cook this fish? #clueless #happycal #result #fotd URL
USER haha I'm at city quay just now, away to that physio! to be honest you are more built than Pirie mate
Guess Ill just get up &make myself a glass of tea. Gosh do I have to do everything for myself!? *rolls eyes* Calm down judgementals
Oh wow broken up for days and you've moved on already, thanks, don't feel like shit at all.
#10ThigsIMustDoBeforeIDie Go to dubai 10
USER I'll stop watching if she doesn't..
There's nothing like a fuel spill to make my morning commute even better. #fml
Love that my phone freezes -_-
Ahh don't you just love when Microsoft tells you that you're spelling your own name wrong
USER duh nigga I text you even thyouugh u don't reply that's deep fine(nes) just can't simp like them other 67 likes lbs
Class from 8-5:45.. What a perfect day
Yay for 3 hour chem labs.
Great to see #AFC as busy as ever in the transfer window
Ring Alarm Clock with Vibrating System: The alarm clock "Ring" is specially designed by Fandimeng designers for .. URL
Costa with mum a few weeks agoo URL
3,250 bottles of nail polish used during #NYFW. That's, uh, a lot. Cc: USER URL
Please enough of this I am Jesus BC.. Just take a chill pill on it.. Smh..
Just posted a photo URL
None shall have the power of intercession, but such a one as has received permission (or promise) URL 19:87 #Quran
Furlough day 1 of 8. Shutout to our legislation that have put public education on the back burner not to much taking money out of my pocket
In this unfamiliar place, I'm greeted by a stranger, a man without a face - lyrical genius there from dream theater
I'm not looking forward to september.. can't we just skip it? :/
New Rings collection #Tomorrow ?
Im glad my friends talk to me.. .
USER if you are a "terrorist" with an AK47 then you get death pen..what these guys did didn't cause enough terror
USER The struggle must have been too real. HOLLABACK
Wow, this Dr. Phil episode is crazy! Reminds me of the glory days of LOST! I sure hope this doesn't end on a cliffhanger!
Eyy must be the money
Manicure AND a pedicure.. What a rough day! #lifeisgood
Yay.. School shopping tomorrow. That means school! YES! I'm jitty jacked off life! .. Wow USER is rubbing off on me!
absolutely LOVE coming back to work - to a day of nothing but mtgs
isn't it absolutely fantastic that school starts up in four days isn't that just fabulous can't wait
USER USER USER reporternye blon pernah baca kultwit macan! Boong nih datanye! Blon tercerahkan! Wakakak!
Fun in the emergency room. get me out of here.
Thank GOD! RT USER I took those long nails off. They were press on for my shoot. oh my god I can text & tweet again. #freedom
The Closer the Better URL
I'm worried, I'm stressed, I'm confused but I have God that will make the right things happen so it will all be alright.
USER yeah it's pretty good, we've officialy started our set now so it's quite exciting!?
"USER USER oh hush your lips" I'll Think About It
My dad and my mom are coming over to my house this weekend .. Let me mentally prepare myself ??
wordsmadetomeasure: Give a little time to me, We'll burn this out We'll play hide and seek To turn this aroun.. URL
So URL and justin biebers new song is called flyin'.kay
USER He is not 10 for 10? Cut him right now! What about McNabb? Young? McCoy?
USER thats how funny they were -__- my friend lol
I Smoked A Lot Of Sky,I Drank A Lot Of Rain..: I've done a bit trawling and managed to come up with another Han.. URL
Single parenting I was built for this shit
Wow I did a great job painting my nails
#43 perfection doesn't come accidentaly same way excellency in life comes when v give our best, may Allah give strength to Jihad against Nafs
just walked out my door and a kitty run under my feet >:)
Romney has the support of a straight, rich, angry old white man. What a stretch!
Dude: "Hey Sexy Can I Get your Number?" Me: "I don't Know Youyour Ur Not My Type.." Dude: "Well yourat Ur Type Is.!" Me: "Cute.." *Walks Off *
USER laugyear oldng out loud yo random ass.
This about sums it up. URL
Here, here. Straddle the pan like a real man. URL
Nothing like waking up at 7 for a good ol' Doctors Appointment. #shootme
Realizing that you only shaved one leg #superattractive
You are attracted to a wide variety of new ideas during this t.. More for Capricorn URL
USER its in the playroom
The Internet - Entertainment or a Weapon - URL
hockey gear smells the greatest on a hot day
i can't breathe out of my nose and my phone won't turn on. today is going to be such a good day!
HA! "USER USA! USA! RT USER #HoneyBooBo beats Republican National Convention #RNC in ratings URL
Breakfest was A1 today
First test of the year in physics today #excited
Getting a plastic fish thrown at me by a one and a half year old is a great experience
Soo glad I don't have classes for the next 11 days and off for the next 7 days! Ooh this will be FUN! ??
Sister, Sister is on #thatshitsmyshit
Drama on the first day of school! #awesome!!
I love the bus!
#SpongebobEpisodeIllNeverForget the fry cook games
USER That Organization is so NOT watched any more that no one noticed you spelled MSNBC wrong; LMAO
USER sorry I was only obeying your order to thank you mistress I will punish myself
Mum,please. I'm not coming home because i want to concentrate on my studies this weekend. I'm trying to get for flat. For you, ;)
now for a day at trethorne with a 6 and too year old, fun. #gonnabealongday
USER why am I forbidden to follow you?
S/o to brother USER a cool chill nigga, everybody go and follow him
I forgot the in one of my last tweets.
Yupp *Trey Songz voice* laughing out loud RT USER USEyourlaughing my asyouroff wait.. ur in class while ur suppose to be at work?!!?!
does anybody know how to say baage in sign language ? since we can't say it at them we can just motion it at them.
What time does the just curious close?
A chilled night is on the cards I think.
Leaving after lunch tomorrow. Then going to colorado. #hooray .
USER USER USER retweet the USER stuff so people do the surveys haha:)
I have seen way to much of USER lately ? hahahaha! ?
Oh how i love being a klutz :/ #volleybal
well your new relationship is really quite a shock to me
That's not right
Well that was succesful. #art #wax #waxart #succesful #not #heart #rainbo at Camborne, Cornwall URL
Dad just said he reckons I should audition for xfactor #sosupportive
It's like the freaking Euro cup.
Great minds discuss ideas, small minds discuss other people
USER dude eagles scrubs are killing the jets scrubs.. I'm thrilled
it's rediculously hot for 10:30 in the morning.. good thing I am going to the beach today!!
USER she's me dream woman :') .
Damn. Con law didn't put me to sleep. Probably a good thing since it's what I'm going to study for the rest of my life. #geek
USER USER pfft yeah right and I'm related to Jesus
USER I thought you were black for months!
I'm saving big money on all my pet supplies from USER WIN $25 Petco GC USER URL
Good thing I'm nor going to spend all my money at downtown Disney. #helpmeimpoor
USER oh right that totally makes perfect sense, I'm glad you are a philosopher jacob ?
You know when you blank me it makes me feel fucking awesome? #douche
Two weeks and tired
Tryna braid my own hair << Hardest thing ever!
Outside college already, somebody hurry up and meet me!
that's cool, dangelos, take your time making my food. it's not like I have a time limit for my break or anything.. #annoyed
I love the way you lie
Thank you alarm for not being on and making me miss practice
Should really go to bed .. Haircut at Vidal tomorrow yay :)
USER USER maw mate but I saw him , he was outside !!
USER follow back?
Oh so we lost charlie adam #score #deadlineday
#Isaac #Cleco estimates power back on by 6PM.. On Sep 2nd! Yeah, fast service..
USER called it
Only for classes on my Fridays! Yay!
Yes!! Bsb back together!!
Bose now chatting up with dylan, he must be telling him not to tackle me
Can't wait to get out the shocking general and into the oaks at 1
I wish it wasn't Friday. I love school!
Spending 35 minutes on the bus is the perfect way to end 7 and a half hours of school #morebusesneeded
Weed wippin in the rain and lightning! Always fun and not dangerous!
Oh don't all contact me at once!
New hair. Different picture than on Facebook. URL
USER hmm. I guess so? I was really sober when I tweeted that ??
Have almost never not been body checked by security at the airport
My level of annoyance is at an all time high right now. Thanks to this wonderful USER experience. #wah
yay for awkward too hour breaks between classes
Almost ran into a principal because I was tweeting. Thanks guys (yes I'm blaming you all)
Get to go get a lot of blood work done! #yes #cantwait
Sexbeat said we sound like "The soundtrack to a dark 80s sci-fi movie" URL #VAKKULA
Guys!! Guys!! School I about to start! Guys school is going to Start!!:D
USER I expect whole #India should share this #best attempt to but on #government!!
thanks for talking to me: its been great having a wonderful conversation with ya
Ugh.. Laziness is hitting me now. Well at least I got some info already.
The bad news: poverty will return to Europe according to Unilever. Good news: they plan to adapt. URL
Catching the bus to town is so dear now, its cheaper just to buy a day saver #RobbingBastards
USER I hate it. Like, I used to wake up 9. -__-
I'm so excited about seeing Richard Wright play. .
Never care about someone who is carelesaboutbt u!
My EVP on a Friday morning after schmoozing with a prospect till 4AM the night before and landing the account: URL via
3 users followed me and too users unfollowed me today (checked by URL [autotweet]
USER Wow never would have thought you'd stoop to tweeting your enemy
When your girlfriend gets angry, tell her to #chillbythefire
have to walk 17 dogs..#cantwait #hahahahahah #iimsuchajoker
I just love waking up being yelled at what a lovely morning
I'm catching a cold :/
I cant wait to see Finding Nemo in 3D hear !!
Oh yeah. Keep blasting call me maybe on the bus. #loveit
Closing shift after a good dinner and hanging with my best friends.. going to have a good night. (@ Target) URL
USER riight
God I love waking up for 8am classes #shitnooneversays
I love this 80 year old smoker cough I have ? #fml #wokemyselfup i don't know how I'm going to work tomorrow.
I look really pretty today everyone's trying to date me #bye
Haha I cant believe I fell for that . #always #gullible
Let the acting being #yay #timetojudge
Think they need to advertise The Possesion more times on E4
and she's not responding. this fucking day gets better and better.
So excited that my sister and her boyfriend are back today -.- USER
tell him that it's human nature x
Neil Armstrong service planned for Friday: Sen. Rob Portman will eulogize the first man on the moon in a private.. URL
USER Don't knock your hips, we think you've got delicious hips Wossy!
what a lovely dream.
Nope he Stayin home with me all day
The question is.. Can you drop me?
USER great
USER I know but I just noticed it haha
USER and i have that 1D swag.
School starts next week and I still havent started my summer assignment -.- fml
USER the last cool class was 2009.
Hittin they hay. Classes start in the morning. #joy..
USER i am still laced up and its 5 26am #LFTU
USER . I would have no problem with voting for you if you didn't want to piss in the face of those who stand for equality.
Yay on way to school.
USER you mean the professor at UNC wasn't a Republican??
USER according to Rush, Ryan got it right?!
Making friends solely based on our shared interest in sarcasm. Basically going to be best friends.
USER my house with all my friends bahahah
God has something good in store for me tonight!! #Blessed
USER He's created a new superlative, No longer for him the term top,top player. Cazorla is different,diferent class.
#shittalker what I major in with an associates in
Love the possibility of weekend work. Its what gets me up on a Friday morning!!
Good morning all you wonderful people
Yeah because I always lie to you
I saw them kiss! It's real!! USER USER USER USER USER USER
USER I knoww =))!
USER are you bestfriends with like all the contestants on xfactor? follow me please luke xx
Oh my i didnt know promises were meant to be kept - . -
My god the golf course is packedd right now #deadasadoornail
Rosy's At the Beach on #Yelp: Used to love this place but the food has gone way downhill. Wedge salad was less than c.. URL
Really looking forward to cycling through the rain.
Started Cycle with USER at 14:39, on a new route, see URL Cyclemeter will speak your replies to me.
Would you like a medal for that? Here you go. We are all so proud of you
USER why not? #watchonankle
Oh no new texts? What a surprise!
Running on 3 hours of sleep. Didn't even touch my humanities hw.. Good start to a good day.
I don't get the logic for exemption from unfair dismissal laws. If system needs reform, make the case. Otherwise, unfair is unfair.
USER USER USER USER USER USER Isn't calamari a tad cannibalistic for an asari;)
USER cause blood is fake depending on who your opponent is.. #cmpunklogic
Osteo time, this is going to be fun!
Being allergic to my own house is one of the greatest things ever. #superannoyed
Sponsume thanks for following me on Twitter!
USER Cesar Trick That Cuts Your Bill By 75% URL
Don't care about what other people think of you. There will always be those people who want to see you fail because they can't succed. .
The maturity level of both fanbases at the moment is astounding.
USER aww thanks for remembering ;)
USER you are
The campus police here at USI are so friendly. They left me a nice little present on my car! :) #already URL
The Waz-Waz Family Huge!!
USER deaal :D thank you boo wxx
That was exactly how I wanted to spend half my day
I would like to thank lsu for not cancelling class tomorrow
USER laughoh my god my ass off omg yeah!! #classic
Checking out and ready to go home! Need to get some work done!!
Oh how I love walking home in pouring rain. #wet
awe well thats life, have a great day today everyone c:
Alyssa is expecting again!! Aww URL
USER USER ?? ??(?)
Just love it when my guys clean their desks and put all that paper in their out boxes for me to deal with. #blessed #jobsecurity
Love that the soccer game last night got announced #HampshireProbs USER
Fukk it, I'm Popping these Pills like they Skittles! I can't Deal with the Migraine, Back Pains, Nausea, Hot Flashes etc ALL AT ONCE
dont have to say a woord!
Once you had the best boy you can't do better ; baby I'm the best so you can't do better
Bromance is the key #deepthought
I don't understand how people party every single night. However, I have never been to a party, At least not one of those parties. :/
"I am careful not to confuse excellence with perfection. Excellence, I can reach for; perfection is God's business." - Michael J. Fox
Physical therapy again. Wooho
USER hahahahahaha yes Sa'eed, because you're the only person I ever think about #youfunny
USER they don't listen..seriously
I'm boutta just get tatted Forreal nowlaughing my ass offo Sike nahh
Lol . That's attractive URL
Siick! I got paid $80.69 so far by doing surveys! Can't wait for more! LOOK > URL
USER Congrats!!
Love waking up super early
I love when nobody answers me. #OHYES
I think Hardee's and then a too hour power nap before class at 9. #yay #tootired
USER woow pwrfect then you need wait at home ready , waiting their call, very funny
How will I ever remember the codeword? It is so difficult.
What a fantastic feeling.
I am not tripping though , shidd ..
USER unless its LFC, because there such a big club
USER isn't it the greatest thing ever! ?
C'mon you pussies GUESS :) I will give you a cookie if you guess it right.
Walking into work on an overtime day to have to train a new supervisor who looks like your jerky ex's twin makes for an awesome day
Because I'm that dumb I don't know your tweets are about me
I'm so excited to wake up at 6:20 in the morning..
Going to bed, hopefully when I wake up, juju will be ahead of those faggots and the voting will stop being messed with. :) nightt.
USER Oh yes, I live for them, seriously! It's so nice when you get called fat on a daily basis, isn't it?
This is my 150th tweet after too months. Whoa. I need to slow down.
Bush couldn't make it to the GOP convention because he's too busy trying to blow up the levees in New Orleans again. #tcot
At least I didn't get arrested last night for being naked + fighting.. #birthdaysuit #hangingoutwithmywangout
everytime i go to the pub at least one person tells me my mum is hot / fit / stunning / mom i'd like to fuck / etc..- makes me feel great :-)
USER whatever plans you have scrap them. There's nowhere I'd rather be
Yaay for going into to gr 12 but looking like a niner #ShortGirlProblems
USER USER i have got a paypal?
USER follow me please :)
I like going to chem and learning about NASA.. ?
USER USER USER ringside gets right in there telling you how it is
All the people on Twitter this morning are like really sarcastic, lmao.
16 people followed me and 3 people unfollowed me // automatically checked by URL
USER I think so. I don't remember him being very good though. #clearly #lol
tugas oh tugas
Evaluasi terakhir selesai tinggal bertanding di PON (?'??'?)9 semangaat !!
USER USER mostly aimed at jade ;) x
My ex boyfriend heard of At Sunset through his cousin. Lol. What a coincidence seeing as not many people in the UK have heard of them..
USER can you send me the instagram challenge please? :) xoxo
Cup of tea, cuddles with Henry and Dear John:(
Great serving of pasta spaghetti mum. So much meat on that plate! URL
thank god for spell check! #grammarnazi
USER can you notice me before I jump out the window
I love the fact that my mom woke me up.
I don't even understand why I cringe at everything
So.. what's this new thing in school EVERYONE'S talking about
I love waking up to shit like that. Today is already not starting off good. #hurt
Great time to get sick
Anyone have a place we could drink at? Alcohol will be provided just need a place! The original spot bailed. Hit me up! 503 550 6824
USER hope you have a great day
Fake. A Symbol of #underestimate or #strengthen "USER The power of ' :) '"
Late nights early mornings
Game tomorrow night (:
WOO getting your blood drawn is so much fun!!
USER Aww really?! And there's me thinking it could happen. Lol!
"Women who love republicans who hate them" URL
I love having my umbrella break while walking in the pouring rain across campus! #BestFeelingEver
Man, Robinson Cano could be the laziest MVP ever #bigtimesarcasm
Woow that just puts me in a great mood :/
You know I'd fall apart without you.. Don't know how you do what you do<3
never laughed so much because of USER #banter
Draw and Fade Golf Shots Cavity or Blade - URL
Wearing a shirt that says lowes..I'm asked if I work for stop and shop..why yes..yes I do #ihatemyjob
I had a great day.
I'm a girl. I don't smoke, drink, or party every weekend. I don't stay out late at nights, sleep around, or start.. URL
I refuse to join any union that doesn't offer (or strike for) a more equitable wage reduction to be shared by all teachers #edchatie
well, shit, at least you tried.
I totally enjoy when my managers tell me I look "hit" all the time.
My favorite part of the day: When I hear that LOUD sigh and watch the headphones go on. #HappyFriday #Shh
.. An hour later I finally put this piercing back in y'kno just a couple blood here and there no biggs .
USER Thanks so much! Sorry for pestering I just wanted to make sure I had the right email addres
USER I'm applying for the position
Good morning USER have a nice day
"I would go through all this pain take a bullet straight through my brain Yes I would die for you baby but you wont do the same"
Yep that rapping guy TOTALLY makes me want to go to your school. #icdccolege
Niko Niko for a late lunch, early dinn with USER
USER USER Wow you guys are such great friends.. -_-
I will smack anybody in the world in 2k right now.
today is going to be fun!
USER No got to get clean first. Just got in bed now.
Worst headache of my entire life.. Can barely even stand up or open my eyes.. #awesome #cantwaittogetoschol
Two classes on the engineering quad.. Not out of place at all. #awkward
Love when my alarm doesn't go off.
USER that cute.
Miss some of the show? You can find plenty of videos on our URL page: URL #NFLAM
I love it when people put up pictures one by one on Facebook.
If Vandy wins tonight that just validates how loaded the second is top to bottom.
Bummer I forgot to wear my Dr. Dre beat headphones to class today..
Yep, you're right. #ihatepeople
With my denial of normal USER xx I love her too mucch xx
USER but why are you in a foul mood Elle? #imjoking cheer up! Xx
How do you say bistro in foreign? USER
Testing 1 too 3
Today has been a succesful shopping trip :) now got to go fitness training with my dad, brother and brothers footbal team :( #FUN
USER welcome!
USER USER Really? #Surprising Heard the exact same thing about English..
I favorited a USER video URL Hollywod Undead - Christmas In Hollywod (W / Lyrics)
USER I didnt need help.after all ;) well some what #kennings.
Great way to end the night. #addthatoalistofuckups #change
I miss Vrinda and Florence 3:)
taking the supercharged waverunner out tomorrow probably. I need an adrenaline rush.
I like when you don't text me for for hours then we have a 3 minute phone call.
Call in at 646-478-4372 & join us in the chat room as we chatwith/ author USER on URL
Share your own pictures some more, maybe you will find a guy for your personality . #gostreetwalk #tiredofit
What a great way to start the school year, though!
While I'm living here I'm going to learn to kiteboard.
Much respect to the fella walking around Liverpool today with the sailors hat on. Ahoy there! #nautical
TomSawyer: "Well, he's mended kites for me, Huck, and knitted hooks on to my line. I wish we could get him out of there."
Drinking a Marks & Spencer Belgian Wheat Beer by USER - URL
USER I love you(:
first day of classes. #LetTheFunBegin
USER It's so hard to decide what to wear to school. all 3 options!! Haha #ASALWAYS #WHYUNIFORMS
Gee, airport full eeh.
The fuck is USER and USER
Saw COMMON tonight in SLC was a good time! URL
i get so stressed out over my friends relationships i am always in the middle -.-
USER project see sounds okay too hahah
My boobs really grew #ProudTweet
I wonder how my day would go if i chilled with jamel and the fam
What? Hogan's big leg drop wasn't one of the 50 greatest moves in world wrestling entertainment history? #lame
Ulster bank provide generous ?25 incident credit to all those out of pocket for weeks! #sham #UlsterBank  
this day just keeps gettin better and better
And Man City made us think they wasn't going to spend mega money on new signings Haha
USER Get booted. sorry, i should have hash-tagged or #missplacedanger in that last tweet. or #fuckmfc
Driving with a neck ache is not safe. I can't turn my head to the left.. #great #overthis #goaway
Oh how I love work..
USER Yeah and so is Ed Sheeran URL
Game tonight #soexcited to see all my friends #forgotidnthavefriends ?
USER USER One of the most beautiful people to emerge in my recent memory. Adele is simply incredible in every aspect.
I don't know what I am more happy about the fact that Jersey Shore was cancelled or today is the last day of the RNC.
apparently you use more gas when you drive 80mph for 3 hours instead of 70
Bull Was Really Bms This Morningg
USER ayy we got to get one of those tomorrow! Ha ruthless out there!!
Dirty Diana let mee be
I should teach USER my omurice recipe~ :3
Manga cartoonist permits anyone to use his work, royalty-free URL
well.that science thing was so much fun today haha
USER lmao! Eargasms?? Hahahah.. If it's reached that level then okay I'm going there :P
USER good, glad we're on the same page
Gabriel is a two face trader! -_-
USER USER gin?? hahaha
Ice cram and an English sunset. got to try that soon.
Goodnight.my parents are wonderful
Hey #ClintEastwood isn't #MittRomney an attorney? Or was one?? #RNC
Being the "third wheel" is so much fun -no one #swog
please, be a little more subtle with your tweets.
NOO I can't forget my intoxicated monkeyy !!
USER ahh have fun baby girl don't do too many drugs <33 #youraperfectchild
I would vote for him URL
"USER USER oh my god so excited " shss cake woman!
USER nope 5. The zeros are between the significant numbers, so they become significant, too.
not jealous at all that all these people are posting how much fun they're having at college while i am still stuck in high school
OMGOMG can't wait for school tomorrow! :D
Come home to any empty house & no food #staving #thisisnice
Every time a credible news source fact checks anything said by Republicans its 100% false Lies to win the prize Sign me up please
So how do I do this can you explain a little more..
Six hours of sleep is perfect.. #not
Glad to see NHS holds its title by making us go to school today.. #NoOnelseHasToGo #Unfair
#VoteOneDirection fuck all you that are not tweeting this (:
USER did you wash your practice jersey too?
Get the fxck out laughing out loud "USER SOOWO RT USER I like themlaughing out loudber-thugs! Lol they meann!"
25km cycle back from dropping car for a service, need to do lots of #foamrolling then #workout wooho! Actually love it no
"USER Someday you'll be everything to someone, just be patient."
6 a.m. lifting right to 8 a.m. classes. got to love college #Exhausted
My allergies plus my lack of sleep last night are going to make for a great day today!!
3 users unfollowed me today (checked by URL [autotweet]
USER proud!!
monaco is well shit.
Hooray! Who is ready for government today?!! :D
Day 1 of college classes #soexcited
#10TurnOns tattos all over :)
USER USER don't worry.you wouldn't like it.
"USER 27 kids on the fordham team ; why cut kids when you cann have them all. "
I just love hanging out with married women.. #oneofthegals
Hey, I just re-did my entire web log that i haven't been on for ages! URL
USER ??omg what for?
Another day another dollar #kerrching
Man sleeping in is such a chore
Had a math quiz of the third day of school. #sick probably failed-.-
Man I love being up early
I love doing economics first thing in the morning
USER deal. Let me know.
USER well I wasn't on a about you anyway and thanks for telling me all aboutyourr amazing holiday #englandsgoodthanks
I no longer pull the little hairs at the bottom of my hairline on my neck. Maybe you're the one who gave me anxiety and stressed me out!
Yay for Toms tans ! #thisisnotcute
Neighbors boarded up and left URL
via the D3 forums: the crab reference made me LOL. URL
Love my family #youcanalldie
USER Thanks for following! Love your cover of some nights! Xoxo
Today was an okay day?
Daamn, in Pasadena its raining SO FUCKING hard! Some crazy shit
Great start to my dayy.
Everybody has a story. Everyone has gone through something that has changed them.
Sore throats are the worst
It's a good thing arsenal are busy in the transfer window isn't it
And I know it's never simple, never easy #breathe
Im starting to think commando was a bad idea
Test, Train, Affirm, and Send Into Ministry: Recovering the Local Church's Responsibility in the External Call (.. URL
I hate this teacher already
#RIPJerseyshore how you will be missed ha
Sushi for dinner with Alex on belmont blvd #beautifulevening URL
USER laugnog out loud nah I got 12 son , just hit me up when you ready to lose
$129 for a Spa Package with 60-Minute Massage, Facial, and Hand Treatment at artificial intelligence Spa in Calabasas (Up to $275 Value) URL
USER USER USER USER URL Watch This.. And if you have some shame left show this oyourur channel
Ima real nigga,and bitches like real so you is what it am not and it is what it is - USER
I love being able to not fall asleep.
What a warm welcome home :) URL
USER see you later enjoy the game :-)
Team building #sopumped
I should sleep , I have an early class tomorrow. Fan-tastic!
Always lovely when the sisters home for a visit..
I would randomly wake up two hours before my alarm rings.. It's not like I'm going to sleep early to get enough sleep. Nope. #FML
way too many #whitepeopleproblems up in hurr.
USER You use your twitter so much you need to calm down
Think i am ready to give him all of me.! <3
This presidential election is a joke. congrats, we made history with Obama becoming president.And he did such a great job! #urfault
USER what, Ant Farm doesn't do it for you??
USER going to cry if I don't get to see USER at the USER Kickoff #PLJPREGAME
Nothing beats waiting for a late bus in heavy pollution #fml
Wet, foggy, and dark, sounds like a good combination of driving weather
finding out the kid you "dated" in jr high is now in prison >> #solidlifechoice
USER ohh sounds exciting!! :P but thanks for letting me know :Di thought it was either something to do with a bank or footbal:D
Really savoring my last week at Kroger #getmeoutofhere
Loosing my nandos virginity this weekend #yeahbuddy
Next summer no shirt mad tattos !! #gymwork
Ahahah ngelamun *fly RT USER *toss sambil ngedipin mata* ahahah RT USER Ih retweet2 diee :p RT USER
"USER I saw about 12 Nicki's today..I didn't bother to say hello lol" lol
Going from one babysitting job to another babysitting job, then another babysitting job today. This will be fun.
Hello september! be good to me okay? :)
okay I'll talk to him later time to get in the shower :) so proud that he did it ??
"USER "USER I could watch #fridaynightlights all day everyday.."Tim Riggins" the greatest human being alive
USER USER watch Owen sign for Liverpool, 1 year contract!!
USER of report the loss for kan ook!
You're my bestfriend !!
..threw up, and had an anxiety/panic attack, but apart from that, pretty good first try! #thelifeofadancer #dancerproblems
it takes an athlete to dance, but an artist to be a dancer.
her mum looks fresh of the boat
Yes de Jong out, Richard wright in, today's going to be a great deadline day at #mcfc
I love getting yelled at. It's the best feeling. Guess children do everything wrong #Whoops #OurFault
Imnin wehuguewif
That boba was great though
USER You would have loved one of the stories I just critiqued for the writer's group I go to. #ButWeAreLearning.
Cowboy boots and shorts.. Classy.
I'm really happy thinking about this ~*~
these will make me rich here..lol RT USER Hahahhaha my colleague is taking retard pills :p URL
I feel so alive right now .. Sorry to those with hangovers ..
Unexpected romantic conflict might surface today and have impa.. More for Sagittarius URL
i like when the music just tickles my ears - brother -.-
USER USER ?? ?? ??: ? ?? ?? ?? ? ?? ? ?? ?? ?? ?? (?? ?? ?? ?? ??)
Joker is one of the best villains ever and now Shirish Kunder are out to make him proud, by inflicting mental torture on us
USER USER ?? ?? ^^
#Mariners fan check-in on Yahoo! Sportacular (#Mariners #Twins) #ys
Waheey, Ian's took his hat off and had a haircut. Woo, round of applause for Ian Beale.. #Eastenders
USER just push it, push it real good.
Oomf Got Me sprung Already love #oomf
Jimmy Rollins doesn't run out a ball and URL commenters want to immediately put him on waivers. #seemslogical
talking about how crazy your night is going to get tonight in class makes you sound so cool. #growup
Oh.dats nice Drogba visited Cobhams today ask me anything read his inteRview lateR on the website #DD1 #Legend #CFC
USER when I was a 20 year old minister I wondered why there was so much animosity towards the church. Now that I am 40 I know y. So sad.
"USER I fall too fast, crash too hard, forgive too easily, and care too much."
Washing clothes fun fun!
When the going gets tough
Think I need to paint my nails TARDIS blue again.
USER tell us how you really feel
USER love yeah Cook! #YouAreAnException
JaE has a show on 09/01/2012 at 08:00 PM at The Grape Room in Philadelphia, PA URL #concert
How good I look when I wake up>> look like I just got hit by a bus.
Me and grandma with the same hairstyle :) ?? we better work :) URL
Nice too see USER USER #not Thought you were coming today? Going to miss you guys! Thanks for everything USER
Thanks for being so supportive #fuckinggreat
An analysis of my Sent Mail suggests that I am at my best when dealing in 45 second units of work
Hamburg have confirmed that Rafael van there Vaart has rejoined the club from Tottenham Hotspur #transferdaedline #YNWA
"USER If you were born in the 90's..the BEST P.E. lessons involved a rainbow coloured parachute." USER
USER I believe your missin a tag.. Js?
You are attracted to a wide variety of new ideas during this t.. More for Capricorn URL
So nice to be back
I'm so pumped I already have homework a week before I go back to school! #sopumped
..But if twitter crashes cause of #DeadlineDay news how will I know what some people had for breakfast ?
Sexual frustration.
Saints day tomorrow! Then my birthday! :)
Mikey. Stop being so precious. I can't take it.
USER oh my god haha!! Poor you haha no you can be dirty #bintheed
Load of Liverpool fans behind the Sky Sports reporter, are they not at work? :O #MassiveSurprise
"USER Please RT The Synergy of Succes, build a business relationship with USER URL USER
Oh how I just love being the only girl in the class!
Wow..the first day I've ever been to you therereal tournament and G10 lot was full. What a pain I the ass to find parking.. #greatdaysofar
USER haha suree
Hey it's time to get all cocky! #haverespect
USER because no-one wants to be on the phone to you;) only joking derry! love you loads!!
10k / month business model- here's how to put it together [pdf] URL
Just finished season 5 of Dexter. Let's start season 6! #showtime #favoriteshow I'm glad I found that website?
Ctfu the jig is up ! She said he acts like a __ jr lmao
Hope everyone's all ready to sweat in school today.. I know I am!! #noAC
"in Madagascar its legal to marry 5 people ..pack your bags Janoskians, we're moving"- #LMAO
This pain and hurt is unbearable but I know I have to keep going. Somehow but I have to do it.
I want to go to the exchange on Friday for W&W. The last time they were there was amazing & I got their autograph. :') <3
USER I'm mad stressed!
Waiting at the dot.. What fun!!
i don't think he thinks that far ahead .. because i been thinking about forever
Today is going so well.
USER who
USER could I get a follow back? :))
My first head cold in I don't remember how long. Which is awesome timing as I have so much energy to spare!
That 100 degree heat index made that one of my most enjoyable runs to date!! #humid
Couture Conundrums: Where to Eat, Stay, and Shop in Paris URL via USER
Your just so perfect
USER that's with undergrad too
Lights turing off while I was in the shower, not scared or anything.. #almostscreamed
And the week just keeps getting better.
"My grandparents live in like hidden valley ranch" USER
USER Good call. I start classes Sept. 10th, and then it's broken down into quarters for about a year and a half. Should be interesting.
physical therapy..ugh
USER Ayy when do we play??
School tomorrow waheyy
I love it when the bus smells like cat piss and dirty laundry! #winnipegtransit #Winnipeg
USER is always full of life. . at McDonald's URL
What a range of beer! Maybe I'll order this and travel with my tastebuds! URL #lolz
Love being blown off. Yeah. #itiswhatitis #whatevs
Drew dreams of "Jiro Dreams Of Sushi." Exquisite.
crazy busy day with what began USER with the maintenance man arriving to inspect. beautiful start to my friday
I just love waking up to the sound of the band room.
Why would you rob the SALVATION ARMY?
Breaking news: After the excitement of finishing filing all the B's yesterday, today I start on the C's. Work is so exciting! -_-
Always said delaney was amazing #fml
#ImSingleBecause - cant answer this twitter #feeleftout #whipped
Carl's Jr. right up the block doe.
It's august. Why the hell is it so cold??
neighbors house just burnt down.. #BetThatsFun .
It's nice to wake up to my mom cursing at my sister at 530 in the morning. Just freaking marvelous. #stfu
can't beat a bloody good roast
USER USER haha I got to add that in #2012
USER Its horrible that you have last period frees, I mean..how inconsiderate of them.
Waiting on class to start, thinking how this is going to be one hell of a semester ?
Circumstances grow more intense as you are pulled in multiple .. More for Gemini URL
USER obviously we should just become singers
Party all night here at the cascina!
USER and I are having a great time in psychology
exactly 1 week until I'm reunited with school, yay
But can beat them hands down in Dumb Charades. RT USER Can't Get Into Slanging Match With Political Leaders: PM
What goes on in my mind is contagious.
Why didn't we spend £8m on Jordan Rhodes for fuck's sake #ArsenaI
Thanks for the kind words USER You for got my awesome taste in television shows! #OTH #theOC #bestsmellingcricketer
Everyone is in such a good mood today.
great service BPI! #helladisapointed
USER haha nice :) and thanks! <3
USER fit the and ur..
USER LOL! Wii and no he's a CDM
I love reading about people who got sexually mutilated.. #not #APUSH
USER USER If you claim to be a Christian and do not judge, the truth is not in you and you make Him a liar. :)
My train got cancelled. Good way to start the day! -.- #Västtrafik
The one thing I really love about this Cardinals team: consistency. They come out everyday & play like it matters.
Hmm. I really like how you treat me. .
#Lawwd one of my followers got me rolling early thoughthe morning tho .??
"USER denial of normal Fehr has left NHL offices. #TSN"- I'm so glad they are putting the time in!
USER cause 9-11 was totally bush's fault.. #idiot
Look, there's kisses on my pillow. What are you up to?
"USER please.. don't end this.."
USER you'll have so much fun with bayda first period
Hottest guy i ever saw was empty as can be so i punched him in the chin! Take that bitch boy! ??
USER Up early ,Phase 1 Day for of gettin swole #letsgo #hardwork
My night tho>>¦:)
USER Ha! It seems to be a popular idea. And I'm not surprised you're on board. You've got good taste in Doctors ;)
He know all they names
hey USER yeah, just wanted to say thanks for following me:)..
USER - yeah.. This guy has no agenda at all
Getting my mom to buy a matching purse in a different color so I can borrow it :) #smart
Oh I just love it when people come to work sick. I can't wait to get bronchitis too.
My beautiful Boo getting snuggi cozi x URL
9.5 out of 10 youth in the U.S. use the internet. How are they learning through digital media? #infographic URL
wake up to do it all over again. #fuckyeah!
"USER It's boring up here, I'm going crazy ?"u about to come home tho
I think its consensual..
There's no gun problem in this country
"USER If I had no muscle tone I'd wear a tank to the bar ".
Impressed with Stockholm airport. Took my much too heavy first bag (no extra cost) & my bike box (no extra cost). See if it gets to Ireland
If someone seems erratic to you today, remember that you're th.. More for Libra URL
2 hours of sleep #yay
USER good luck with school and have fun as well love ya
So glad Smithson turned into a bitch..
Same laughing out loud "USER I want to lose my butt so bad :("
bedtime, class then home to see my boyy :) #yipee
USER You guys want to know who I drafted on my fantasy team?
Man its so hot down here..
I just love geometry so much #notreally
USER Open ended #QE? So basically Weimar Republic style monetary policy. Good plan!
USER I wants some Justin bieber tickets and they are all sold out
2,890 Tweet , Goes To My FBSS USER , ILovee Youu :))
Not knowing when people are using ..
DNC convention next week can't wait
USER Is there anything he cannot do?
USER USER admitting to reading the star laughing out loud is just as bad
USER I would if I lived closer!! I need some encouragement myself!
Gona do freaking awesome on Ackers test today. #possiblycheating
You feed off of the energy of a group, but you don't actually .. More for Aquarius URL
USER I never doubted the posey pick for a second #awesome
I love waking up at 7 on a day off
Let's just all act like we live in a perfect world and do nothing. That should break the ground of progress.
its not being lazy its the rush I get packing for college #stress
Will do, I promise RT USER I want to be with someone who's willing to prove that he's not going to run away when things get rough.
Hoes all on my bandwagon.
USER pleasure! :0)
Yu thank you tengkiyu bobey ? RT USER USER yuhuu you too yaa ?
LOVE losing signal for no reason at all. Seriously, I do. .
working during vacation is awesome.
I heard she got to pretty face & stand up like a stallion !
Lol , no fucking sleep again . So awesome !
USER "Take the arms that are made for loving and this heart that will beat for two.." #K25
USER ooh, it came up as a square for me lol. :)
School soon. Great. How I missed seeing your face.
USER your lucky, most of my teachers said I would always have homework. Yay!
USER USER oh your up north that's why, well here down south it was hot I hardly got any sleep because of it lmaoo
USER life's about what you make it not what you let other people make it !!
Dad just woke up, walked into my room, turned my light on and left.. you ok?
I'm going to Budapest today. I've never been, what should I do? Playing tomorrow night
packing is so much fun! #notenoughboxes
it's Crazy !! i can get 2500 twitter followers just 1 day !! visit here URL and discover the secret.
Love walking through your cloud of cigarette smoke. Why buy my own pack when I can just inhale yours ?
Who you going to call? Ghostbusters!!
The weeknd is easily the best drunk music
Wow! You wore your "Tom's" and brought your dog to Chickabiddy! You must be the coolest people in Morehead..glad I could see you.
I love how no ones texted me back about algebra
Happy Birthday USER
Senior guys changing in the parking lot #idgaf!!
I feel very hurt that I wasn't invited today USER
U DON'T got to Church lookin for Integrity. Listen, you Go To #Church to Fellowship & Listen to d Word of #God. Otherwise disapponitment looms
Central Valley Meat has come under intense scrutiny, especially after it was revealed that the company is a major.. URL
such a good day with wally! USER I am your own tutor! #mwahaha
Well today was just great. #annoyed
At least I'm not the only Black boy at this wedding? #CongratsKatieBreen
USER laughing out loud it feels like it sometimes. Good thing they used facts to back it up. You know, all those times it happened.
USER lmao!? the hurricane might move up the rivers! #keepanopenmind
"USER i miss you , but actually i miss our memories in the old time.
USER Not sure if he'll get in our side though to be honest
USER USER laughing out loud nicole i am a smart ass I cant help it #mostofthetime
USER hahaha ?? your that Mermaid laughing out loud ?
USER nope, don't have one of those.
Getting a late start on this slow cooker meal. #latedinner
at you trendin act RT USER USEwhatat can fa wat
USER *disappointing* I thought it would be something as fancy as an international #ff list ;) USER
Monster Boy, I'm Sorry, my favourite #KISSTORY track EVER, love it USER Super tunes and more garage playing #happygirl
Thirsty Thursday's make going to a Friday morning class so much better
#BeliebersHateDirectioners ? Very mature!:/ Justin will love to see this trend, it will show him what nice fans he has!:/
Seriously considering buying a scooter. Traffic would never be a problem.
Who knew calc could be so fun? USER #whyarewetakingthisclass
URL This is easily one of my favorite USER videos! USER USER USER you 3 outdid yourselves!!
Its so much fun hanging out with everyone speaking only Spanish. More drinks please..
USER it is up
Hope you're happy. #thanksforeverything
?Shoot The Zombirds??0? ?? URL
Be a priority not an option #Truth
Olly Riley is so original with his tweets .. URL
USER "South Dakota School of Mines is so good at footbal #shitnobodyatundsays" they are division 3.. #youguysaresogood
Donald Trump is really serious about being a Birther, you guys - and it's not a joke. URL #ABLC #p2 #TFY #GOP2012 #racism
nengkeneneh RT USER where is the love?
USER not applicable I've just priced somewhere else up thats a lot nearer and a lot better value for money #butlins
doing my favorite thing.. crying
When your mom goes partying for her 40th birthday in Tunisia and you're stuck at home reading books, living the life
twitter is so lively today :|
Don't take my niceness for granted I'm still a real nigga
Everyone starting college today, please make a huge deal about it, because it's never been done before. #shutup #gotoclass
Do you know what I love? Apartment construction at 7 a.m. 3 mornings in a row! #timeforbed
USER ??
You know what we could be together for life but you f**ked me last nigth and I was drunk.., #Quotes #FakeLove RT USER
can't wait to move into #16Lincolnway USER USER
I'm glad I am such a big part of the team
USER #CatLover4Lyfe
USER ohh true
USER what does she do other than do shit adverts aimed at people who wrinkle
USER Have a lot of time for the odd tweet myself. But I'm a very decisive, sarcastic person.. Or am I?? #paradox
USER We aol instant messanger to please pumpkin!
reading sejarah , very hard to memories .. :(
Looking forward to hearing what momma g (Gwyneth) wants us 'LAM' students to do over the next two years..? #cantwait #great
Here is an update on hotel availability, shelters, and local museum and restaurant discounts during Hurricane. URL
Big K.R.I.T is one of the most intelligent new generation rappers out right now.
todays going to be fun. #notfuckingreally
USER I dreamt you were here and you were telling me something very important but I was waking up! #dreamingofyocko
USER I'm still on the ground #notaspro
"Oh hey, let me talk to another dentist about our kids field trips while i poke the shit outta your mouth!" I love the dentist.
Yay.. school in 7 hours. SO excited
Oh my word!! That didn't just happen! GREAT someone is having right good laugh surely #cheers
huwaay #feelon
So glad I ran into USER tonight!! Somehow volleybal always brings us together. ?
Who I am is not who I want to be ?
FINE. don't reply.. that cool too.
Is the rascal flatts concert tonight?
Best part of being a new mom: unwarranted, condescending advice from strangers.